you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you good morning , Sagar . Hi , Ankitah . Good morning , Sagar . Start in another five minutes or three minutes . Sure . Okay , again , last again , last again , last again , last again , last again , last again , last again , last again , last again , last again come my looking lion or tiger lion why are you sitting in the last last So , I had given my assessment right so sorry , I had given my assessment right so sorry , you have done Okay . Install . How many of you have a new one name ? Okay . Welcome . What ? Why if I can ' t ? What ? Why if I can ' t ? Go to Go to Go to Go to Go to Go to Go to Go to ensembles . Who is network adapter ? External network adapter you will see . Internet connection is not happening . Internet connection . You are not able to correct your internet . I will just check with that . I will ask one of the tutors to help you . Okay . We launch note . Okay . Switch on . Okay . We will do the note yet . But I will do the right . Okay . What is the audible and screen available , right ? Yeah . Awesome . Okay . So from the scratch , we will be dealing . As I told you yesterday , what is cybersecurity ? In simple words , right ? The practice of protecting network data . Maybe serve or any digital assets of the organization , any application . Right ? We think for protection . What is the job list ? Is it visible now ? Okay . So please take down the definition of cybersecurity here . Cybersecurity . It is the practice of protecting . We will be dealing with the digital attacks . Critical systems . And sensitive information . From which attacks digital attacks , right ? So I have already told you during interviews , they won ' t check your English , but they will check what actually you are projecting the answer . So in simple words , try to maintain the technical term properly . So cybersecurity , practice of protecting your critical systems , sensitive information from digital attacks . So in this cybersecurity , we have several branches , guys . Hi Ranjit . Are you a new joining ? No , I am a KM - Stre no , man . Okay , you have connected online . Yes , ma ' am . Why so ? Because I am going for job , ma ' am , like two o ' clock , ma ' am . If I come there , ma ' am , I can ' t able to go for job , ma ' am . I ask you two , actually . I will ask you two , actually . Okay , so let ' s find out . No issues . Okay , ma ' am . So under cybersecurity , we have several branches . I have told you about network security . Right ? I have even told you about application security . Information security . Operational security , cloud security , mobile security , wireless security . So many things comes up , right ? Please check the projector . Stop writing now . So under cybersecurity , we have so many further branches . If an ethical hacker is focusing on securing networks , yeah ? Then we can say network security . If he is trying to secure what ? Software ' s applications . Then we can say application security . How come information security ? How ? Protecting any sensitive information from unauthorized activities of federal and activists . Right ? So we ' ll be discussing about all the elements under information security , like what is confidentiality , availability , in detail . Okay ? So when it comes to cloud security , we know , right ? So many types of cloud attacks we have . So here , ethical hacker , he focuses on protecting sensitive information , which are under cloud - based platforms . Okay ? So we ' re discussing these all things . But when they ask you what is cybersecurity , in simple words try to express them . Okay ? Try to tell them this that we ' re going to protect . It may be a network data application . Sir , or anything , it may be any digital asset of the organization . It is our duty to protect . Okay ? Those critical systems and the respective sensitive information from digital attacks . Clear ? Okay . And yesterday I was telling you about this right . Hacking . What we just can say , hacking . I ' ll give you time to , you know , to copy later . So I just focus on the project . Hacking , I told you simple . Stealing . Yeah . He ' ll try to conduct what ? He ' ll have an intentional effort . Right ? What he tries to do . He tried to try to destroy your data . He may manipulate our data . Right ? Modify it . He may try to what ? Fetch out . He may try to enhance financial losses . He may damage your reputation . Right , guys ? So intentional effort by a hacker to destroy your data . In simple words . So what we say cyber attack . Hacking . Just tell them that stealing or disclosure of some sensitive information . This is a very good example . Understanding . Always try to remember . Black at hacker . White at hacker . What comes in the middle . Very good . Wallowty is comes in the middle . If they ask you , who ' s a black at hacker ? Who ' s a white at hacker ? You need to differentiate by taking this term . Wallowty . Wallowty is nothing but floss . Loopholes . What we just can say , weakness . It can be cyber security . Weakness in an IT system . There can be anywhere . It can be anywhere . It can be your network data . It can be in the application . Anywhere it can be . Right ? So I had told you yesterday . Black at hacker . They identify Wallowty . Even white at hacker . We identify Wallowty ' s . But we ensure what . We always ensure . System security . So by checking out all the loopholes . We will do . We will ask the network difference team . Patch management team . To update those patches . Right guys . So what about this black at hacker ? What is going to do ? He ' s going to exploit this Wallowty ' s . Exploid weakness . Understanding . You know , to gain what ? Unhauterized access . All the respective security controls . Will be getting compromised . And he ' ll be gaining calls on . You know , he ' s right to gain . Unhauterized access . And he ' ll try to get into the . Target network . By exploiting these Wallowty ' s . Clear . Yeah . So what is an attack now ? He has to set a motive . Gold . Right . As I told you , motive can be anything . Right . Yeah . He may destroy your reputation . He may enhance financial loss . He may even fetch out your sensitive credentials . Identification theft or anything . Right . So there will be a goal , guys . For an attacker . Yeah . Before launching an attack , he has to set a goal . He has to he ' s he ' ll be very skilled one . Okay . So he ' ll be knowing all the methodologist attacking techniques . Everything . Motive goal methodologist and then . He ' ll try to identify goal no peace . If they ask you about the attacking equation . Yeah . So there can be a question always used to ask you in international people about attack . What is an attack ? Yeah . He will be thinking about us . Motive goal . And then he ' ll be using is all the respective attacking technologies . Methodologist and then he ' ll be focusing into . Wallowty ' s . Attacking equation is nothing but motive . Methodology . Wallowty . Understanding . Yeah . So I ' ll just try to help you out with some slides . Don ' t worry with the definition and all . I ' m giving you today . I ' ll be creating a driveling and I ' ll be helping you with this . Yes . So see . Hacking . As I told you , he ' ll try to exploit what all the respective wallowty ' s guys . Right . Yeah . So I ' ll try to compromise security controls and he ' ll try to gain unauthorized access to the system server or to none or to network . Right . Really sorry . Again , voice . It ' s not improved . Still it ' s in the cano . I think it ' s so quite irritating . Yes , David Presser . So I ' m really sorry for this . Yeah . Thank you . So yeah , hacking is this . Okay . So I want you to go through the slides once the session is done . And whichever you feel the important point you ' ll do make a note on your notes . Okay . I ' ll create a driveling . So today I ' m going to create and I ' m going to give you access and we ' ll be uploading the PPT ' s there and videos details . So why hacking happens . As I told you , please try to remember this equation . He ' ll have a goal . He ' ll be using his methodology and he ' ll be identifying the wallowty ' s not to launch attack . Clear . See , he will be very much skilled computing skills and technical skills will be very good hackers . Okay . So they try various tools and techniques not to exploit wallow piece and they finally they can take a control on the system and servo . And even they can control a whole database guys . Okay . And yeah , motive can be anything right financial laws revenge , damaging reputation anything . Have even mentioned examples clear . What is ethical hacking ? Yes , even we study all the techniques tricks right we know everything but we identify wallow keys . We ensure system security guys in order to perform security assessments in order to conduct security orders . Right . We ' ll be using so many attacking methods . Please try to remember they can ask you during interviews also like you know . If you are a ethical hacker why you have learned attacking tools . So you tell them you know to become a ethical hacker we need to focus on three as I told you again I ' m repeating . We need to focus on what attacking tools techniques strategies security tools security methodologist . Thirdly , we need to focus mitigation techniques being an ethical hacker . We should be ready always to block attack at any stage clear . These three things you need to tell them and they ask you why why you you know why you will learn black and hacking to become a black and hacker . No , I want to know all the methodologist which he knows because I am the one who ' s going to block them and prevent hackers clear . Yes , the main reasons as you can check why we need ethical hackers . They ' ll gain another as that ' s a store organizations right . So what we need to prevent him right and then to uncover one of these right guys . So we are the one the main goal they can ask you being an ethical hacker what you ' re going to do in an organization will be using 10 to 15 automated one of these canning tools . And we can even manually prove how many loopholes we have in this organization . So this is what the main goal of an ethical hacker they can ask you why we need ethical hackers today right . So yes to uncover all the volunteers to stand in the organization . Yes , we are the one who are safeguarding all the respective sensitive and critical information clear . And there will be an insider attacker right we have to enhance right security awareness . There can be an insider attacker there can be a great hacker guys . So we need to build a tool we need to implement such tools that you know how many urs is visiting how many websites he is been visiting you are has been clicked everything we need to manage understanding . Now yes simple word information security yes it ' s a standard one which protects sensitive information from unauthorized activities right guys . And these are all the elements which I ' m going to explain you first . Please focus . Won ' t we do switch off light again or is this enough switch off one more light no okay . This people can see elements of information security . So guys focus don ' t write we have confidentiality everything I have mentioned in slide so you can write it later confidentiality integrity . And then availability good authenticity non reputation . Let me consider user one here user to let ' s say some sensitive information is being transferred here to user to okay so guys being an ethical hacker if they ask you to send something you know send some secure data what you need to enhance . You need to enhance data encryption yeah and whatever the sensitive information is getting transferred from you know from source to destination or you just can call sender to receiver it should not get leaked out to third fellow third individual right we need to maintain what ' s that confidentiality right it has to be confidential between us . Here correct and then integrity what ' s that the data the sensitive information which is getting sent from user one to user to it should not get all third guys if I ' m sending ABC it has to reach your ABC itself if he is receiving expires it then gone somebody has attacked somebody has modified the message right so if you are maintaining integrity . That means what whatever the data it should not get altered right if it is getting altered then it will be a dangerous task to integrity right so this is what integrities what is availability guys we used to long so many applications like mentra face whatever it is they still ask us OTPs right multifactor authentication yeah so why are they asking us that to cross verify whether we are authorized user . You are a authorized user or not right so here how many authorized users we have to who said one . Two uses here we have to authorized uses okay that data okay they are authentic uses the data should be available between these two users so what we can maintain authenticity and availability understanding and we have not . What happens sometimes if I ' m taking 500 from my brother or if I ' m giving him is like when have you given you have not given like where is the proof now it is yes I can show right it fits up phone . Nobody can delete the history right I can show to my mom that see yes taken 500 but now he is not agreeing it same where non reputation being an ethical hacker always accepted there will be a proof of concept okay when the message is being initiated from where okay when you have you received don ' t never ignore it okay so when user one is sending something he should not ignore it and in it that you have when you are sent . What we have sent you know I ' m not receiving it is something like okay it ' s a non reputation task clear again I ' m telling you any critical information if it ' s moving from user one to user to it should not get leaked out to third individual right then we maintain what confidentiality that you know only these two users should access that however integrity whatever the information it should not get altered whatever he ' s sending user one it has to be received here . The data should not get altered availability and authenticity yes we have to authentic users here right authorize users then this sensitive information is structured between that should be available between these two users and non reputation as I told you there will be a proof of concept we should not donate or ignore it see confidentiality yes so who ' s authorized it will be accessible to them . Right guys it should not access my other individual integrity see yes protecting the data from modification or deletion I ' m telling you integrity the data should not get altered if the sensitive information from user one to user to it ' s going in a secure way without alteration without modification then we satisfy integrity part clear availability you go to know right and yes we need to check whether the authentic uses their genuine or what the data should be available between them non reputation the assurance that someone cannot deny the validity of something my brother was delaying it right I told that I have given you 500 but he was denying it so here in the non reputation concept is assurance that someone cannot deny user one or user to it maybe they can ' t deny it okay it ' s a legal concept which has been used widely and it provides the proof of origin of data and integrity of the data clear clear with the elements of information security any doubt I need out here I again forgot your name yes add in add in okay I don ' t we have I don ' t okay clear Akilan yes name safe yeah okay so guys we have types of hackers no doubt under elements clear ask me any doubts no girls so no doubts why it ' s never asked out Akilan any doubt here yes safe no good for good for me or good for you guys but we have Ankita here in online so clear Ankita Ranjith Sagar can you move to the next topic okay so we have types of hackers so under this we have first type of hacker let us discuss with blackout hacker yeah white hat grey hat hacker script kitty cyborg ' s and yeah suicide hackers hack the worst understanding guys black at hacker who ' s he okay so black at hacker you can even call him as cracker could be dealing with offensive things right guys yeah he ' ll be very much skilled one he ' ll be having very extraordinary skills both in computing a technical skills still be very good but his intention will be not good right so He ' ll try to destroy your data . He ' ll try to conduct cyber attack , digital attacks . So sometimes they can ask you what we can call him . Even he can call as cracker , who always deal with which thing , offensive things . Clear ? Who ' s right at hacker ? Ourself . Myself , I don ' t know . Who are they ? You are those who are interested in my kind . How many want to become blackheads ? Self . OK . Let me believe today , my students , they ' ll be avoided , hackers . So what happens , guys ? So we can call them as a security analyst , cyber security analyst , whited hackers . We can even say ethical hackers , penetration testers . We have so many names . We deal with what ? Defensive things . And we work for defensive purposes . Understanding . Yeah . So doctor , he can even kill by injecting a poison or something , right ? But he can even save . So we used to save the people . There were two perspectives , right ? So but we have opted this . We ' ll always do a good service . Yes , we ' ll be knowing all the techniques , but why to go in the wrong path ? So being an ethical hacker , if you ' re going with the wrong path , yes , we have a gray hacker also . What happens at office ? He will be like a ethical hacker . Very innocent . He ' ll take a commission to analyze all the tools . He ' ll be very innocent . But at home , very much , Instagram , Facebook , I can give it to me . So your girl , Instagram , I give it to them . No one is a lack . So both , right ? He ' ll work both in defensive , as well as offensive . If he ' s dealing with both offensive and defensive things , definitely is a gray hacker . Right , guys ? Harvard Script Kidding . They ' ll be just enjoying with some YouTube videos and they ' ll be running some small scripts . They themselves , they ' ll predict , pretend as an , they ' re a professional ethical hackers . So yes . Yeah . So we call them as script kiddies . So no skills . They ' ll be not very much skilled . But just by running few scripts , if they ' re themselves predicting as ethical hacker , who ' s a hyster . They are the script kiddies ones . OK , script kiddie hacker . And who are cyber terrorists , guys ? I don ' t want to take up any country ' s name , but you know the terrorists . What do they do ? They always try to create conflicts between country to country to religious issues . So they are the one . The terrorists , if he ' s handling this intelligence tools and if he ' s motivating related to this conflict , so we ' re going to say cyber terrorists . And suicide hackers , we all even say , suicide bombers , guys . Have you seen ? Yeah , same way that the terrorists , even they used to hang out all the bombs and they used to blast . Same way , suicide hackers , why we call them suicide bombers is they ' ll be not , they won ' t scare for everything . They ' ll be not worried about taking up any jail terms or any type of punishment . They ' ll be not worrying about jail terms if they , you know . So they ' ll suicide themselves without opting that option . Instead of opting that option , by , you know , they won ' t care for any kind of punishment , guys . If they come to know , yes , today I ' m going to , you know , police department going to catch up , he ' ll suicide himself . So they are called as suicide hackers . Clear . Everybody is very much interested in suicide hacker wine . OK . So hactorist who ' s saving politicians , black money , who are , you know , securing their bank servers . So those are deal with political agenda . Yeah . And if he is getting money from the opponent , he can even disable and deface somebody ' s websites . So the one who deals with political agenda , we say is activist . Clear . I ' ll try to show you my slide . See , everything has been mentioned , not to worry . Black hacker , yes , individual with extraordinary computing skills . He ' ll always try to conduct what activity ? Malicious activity , right ? Yeah . And he can even , you can call him as crackers . And we have wider hackers . Yes , we ' ll be knowing all the hacking skills , as well as security methodologists . But we choose what defensive things ? If a hacker , if a wider hacker , if they ask you , yes , we deal with defensive things . And we work for defensive purposes . We can even call as as security analyst , validation tester , wider hacker , ethical hacker . Clear . We have gray hat . I told you right , who work both offensively and defensively at various times . Yes , he ' s a gray hacker . How about suicide hackers ? See , he is aim is to bring down critical infrastructure for a cause . Yes , definitely he ' s a black hacker . But what is doing is not worried about facing jail terms . So or any other kind of punishment , in spite of opting that , he ' s suicide in itself . He ' s a suicide hacker . He ' s not caring for any kind of punishment . It ' s not ready to accept that punishment also . It ' s a suicide in itself . Clear . Script kiddies and skilled hacker as I told you . He may not that much skilled . But yes , he also sometimes tried to compromise system by running script tools . Right . He himself he ' ll protect . I have pretend as a real hacker or ethical hacker . But he ' ll not . Script kiddies . Cyber terrorists , guys see , who ' s motivated with religious or political beliefs . So they can they can ask you a question in the international people and they can confuse you . If a word comes like a religious issue , see if somebody ' s a terrorist , he is using intelligent tools and he ' s dealing with the religious part . Go with the cyber terrorists . If anything , word comes like the one who ' s dealing with the political agenda . Go with the hactorist , eight one . See , the individuals who promote the political agenda , especially yes , they can be faced these disabled websites . They can ' t do anything by considering money from an openance . So we also have state sponsored hackers . I think I left this right . Yes , individuals employed by the government . When I see this , I always remember my experience . I think , yes , it ' s been two years . I had visited to crime branch . I had told I shared the story . No , okay , two years back , I went there . Okay , why I visited us ? Like there were three vacancies in the crime branch , the ID department for ethical hacker . Since yes , I have completed , I almost completed five years back . Six years back , C - H , okay . So I visited there , and you see that , I visited there and I was filling the form for ethical hacker vacancies . I was cross checking , you know , but they told me , please take this form and you have an interview with ADGP officer . It ' s a head of the Polar ' s department . When I go there , he only got arrested . And the lady he carried up N camera and he was taking some 35 to 40 lakhs , you know , corruption was happening . And I was like , there was completely blank and I was shocked . He ' s the head of the department and the whole system was gone like what ? In front of me , they were like , sir , you have to come and they ' re taking him . ADGP , and it ' s like , yeah , I came back with that form to my home . Then who I should give the interview and there was a very dirty politics was happening . So I came back . So yes , so why I remember this is , yes , state sponsored hacker . Usually government , even they need some spy agents , even they need some ethical hackers , you know , they can put them up in military , force or for a forensic department . So what they used to hire , okay . So individuals who gonna , if government is gonna hire them , employed by the government , definitely . So they are the state sponsored hackers . It may be anything I see . So to protect other government or to be ramed to leak out some information from other government , anything it may be . Whatever the task they give us , they ' ll ask us to protect your government , right ? So yes , like , you know , yes , Salman Khan and Katrina like spy agents used to act , right ? Tigers in the eye . There also be a founder of hackers , right ? Same way , if a government or a military department , forensic department , if they are hiring you , okay . It may be a Karnataka government , it may be a Anzha government . Go from government , you will be getting the vacancies . So they are the state sponsored hackers . Clear with their types . Okay . Yes . So we ' ve been mentioned the definition here . Why did I have the call hackers ? Yes , black at , they always try to perform malicious activities . So who perform both the activators , right ? He ' ll be good and bad both offensive and defensive . You can call him as gray at hacker , haktivist who promote political agenda and suicide hackers , yes , they ' ll be , right ? Yes , they ' ll be not worried for any jailtoms . Cyber terrorist religious beliefs , okay ? State sponsored hacker , definitely a hacker who ' s gonna hire by the government . Clear ? Yes , we have phases of hacking . Before this , I have some questions I want to ask you . So how will you check whether a host is alive or not ? Basic concept . How are you going to check ? Let ' s say I ' m here , you know , he ' ll be some in other room , let ' s say , okay . Some same network only , let ' s say . So you know my IP , how will you check my host is alive or not ? Yes , we ' ll ping what ? IP and we ' re gonna check host is alive or not ? Where are you going to check ? Which response ? Yes , we ' re going with command prompt . How are you going to check my private IP ? Which command to check your private IP and all the information ? Kali , if conflict . Here , IP conflict . Yeah , Shashwad is nice . Shashwad , you know , mixing all the alina , ex windows , Khurha , Masala , Biryani , Manakeh . Yeah . Okay . So guys , if you want to check your subnet mask , your IPv6 address , your IPv4 address , this is what my private IP is . Yeah . So you ' re gonna go with which IP conflict . When you want to check this under your Linux , go for IF conflict , okay . And when they ask you how you check , how you verify whether a host is alive or not , you just , you have a IP , ping it . Yeah , let me just ping and show my IP . See , am I getting a reply ? Yes . I ' m getting a reply right . TTL is 128 . Why is it showing TTL ? So first thing is you ' ve got to know , if you want to check your private IP , go with the IP conflict under Linux , it ' s IF conflict . That is fine . If they ask you how will you check whether a host is alive or not , right ? If you have a IP , you can just ping and check , right ? There is no request time down . We ' re gonna get that if host is dead . So since it ' s alive , yeah . It ' s showing us , it ' s giving us a reply . What are the TTL values ? I just can say it ' s a lifespan of the packet , okay ? Yes , time to read . Why it ' s 128 ? What we can detect using the TTL values and window size , window size it has not been mentioned , but yes . Why TTL ? Guys , if TTL is 128 , I ' m in Windows platform . Which platform I ' m using the windows , right ? How about TTL 64 ? When it comes TTL 64 , you have to detect OS as not calling Linux , understanding Linux . And how about if TTL shows 255 more than that ? That means fix your mind that it has been connected to Cisco routers . So guys , if they ask you how will you detect IP , how will you check host whether it ' s alive or dead ? How will you check , how will you check that OS ? Which platform they are ? Just by analyzing TTL values and in sometimes they even shows window size , okay ? Leave them in the window size now . Check for TTL values . If TTL values 128 , that means the host is under Windows platform . If TTL is 64 , that means we are under Linux . If TTL is 255 , then we are under , then that particular system host is connected to a Cisco routers clear . So just by analyzing TTL values and window size , we are able to detect OS , right ? This methodology we call it as banner grabbing technique . It comes in the future model , but I ' m telling you here . Clear ? Yes . Understanding ? Okay . So I would suggest you this platform . And give the hope I ' m sharing the full screen . Yes , ma ' am . See , which IP is this ? Yeah , public IP guys , right ? ISP provided as assigned this public IP so that I ' m able to access internet , right ? It is self - getting , switch off , it ' s self - getting , switch on . Okay . So then it ' s good to bring a ghost detecting meter , right ? To check . Okay . So we have a ping here . Online also you just can check . So how long it takes for the packets to reach the host , right ? Just click here . If you want to enter IP , if you want to enter any domain , you just can cross check . Let me just cross check with Facebook . What are the codes ? CHMD ? See ? Getting a reply ? Yeah . Domain is alive . How about the StTL values ? 54 , less than 64 , that means they are working with Linux platform , guys . Right ? Yeah . So we also have so many things here , right ? Trace root . Trace root , guys . Trace root is the one tool Windows utility factor where we can check . We can trace the root of the packets . Okay . So how are you going to do here ? Let ' s say if I want to trace the root of the packets . Trasart . Very good . Let ' s say I just want to deal with IPv4 . Any domain Amazon . com . Understanding . Trasart . iPhone 4 . Then we ' ll be dealing with IPv4 address . They ' re domain name . So just check now . We can trace the root of the packets . They can ask you using which command , which Windows utility command you can use to trace the root of the packets . You can tell them . Trace root . Why actually hacker uses this command ? IP config definitely to cross check MAC address , physical address , submit must . IP config slash all . Okay . To check all the physical address , everything . However , this Trasart . Yes . He wants to create a network map . Usually hackers , they want to check . How many firewalls we have ? How many routers we have ? Yeah . See it ' s taking a half here . There ' s a firewall , guys . So what ? See guys , you ' ll be walking in this way . We ' ll take a half right . It ' s taking a half here . And then it ' s moving to the server . Why taking a half ? There is a router . There ' s a firewall . So using path analyzer pro tool and using trace root analysis . Usually hackers , they try to create that network map with respect to target network . So , you know , there ' s even a murderer also . Right . He ' ll make a plan . Right . They ' ll be going here . I need to catch them up here . Like their planning will be there . You know , Akhilin will be laughing always when I give . When I tell murder plan . So why am I always giving the example of murder ? I have not killed anyone . So yeah , you just can see see package or not moving . Again , so many hops . Multihome firewall . They have data ' s node balancing and they have modern web application firewall guys . See , which is can see so many hops . Packets are not moving . You can trace the package . Right . See . Same way . If you want to trace the root of the package , you can go here . Trace root . Yes . Let us try with Amazon . What is this ? KX . L . Y . See . How many hops . See here . No reply for five hops assuming what we have reached fire one . Clear . So in this , I know using this map , he ' ll try to using this analysis . He ' ll try to build a network map of a target network . Always try to remember if you want to check any IP any host . If they are alive or dead , you ' re going to use ping command . If you want to trace the root of the package , you ' re going to use Resort under command from or else you can directly go with ping . eu . This is one of the very good website where we have so many options . Like if you can directly check your public IP . Yeah . And you just can use these all tools . First thing is , I want you to work with ping and trace root . Clear . Getting some idea . Anki , that ' s clear . Let me help you with that man . Sagar . Yes . Clear . So let me just help you . And we have Ranjit also . So guys , I ' m pinging you here . And I ' m just helping you with the chat . Yes , please market . Now we ' ll take a break . Often minutes and we ' ll continue . Okay , please have a break guys . Okay . Everybody ' s back . There ' s now focus . We will check with faces . Hacking as well as ethical hacking . Okay . So we have a lot of cases of hacking and ethical hacking . What happens here ? Let ' s consider attacker . Focus . Close your laptop . Close your notes . Let ' s say target organization . Right . Some let ' s say some econ company target organization . What happens ? I ' m just trying to do right before launching an attack , which is the first step of any attack . Yeah , go ahead and set . That is that . So what he has selected the target now . So before launching an attack , the first step of any attack is foot printing . Okay . What is foot printing guys gathering . We ' ll try to gather information about this target and about this target . Enveyor onment . Okay . So this is the first step . And what is recurrences . Larger process of collecting information . Substituted of recurrences is foot printing . Right . So we ' re going to have this under model 2 . When we come up after foundation will be joining CSP level one . So that your model starts from foot printing clear . So if they ask you what is foot printing in simple words tell them it ' s a gathering information attacker . Before launching an attack , he tries to gather information about this target and about the target environment . What happens then he ' ll try to scan scanning . It is the second phase of attack . He ' ll try to scan the whole target network . Understanding what he tries to check . He ' ll try to check three things as I told you . Ports . Yeah . Ports . Live machines . Services . Very good . Services running in the network . What all the services running in the whole network . He ' ll read across verify . In this port , he ' ll try to check what . So it ' s open , close , filtered , unfiltered , everything will cost verify . Okay . Whatever toast live machines . He needs to check right how many live machines he has in this network . Services . What are the services running in their application . Whatever it is running in the network clear . Under after scanning , we have a subset guys . Subset of scanning is enumeration . It is not the third phase . Please don ' t confuse . Okay . It is the first phase , second phase . This is a subset of scanning . Please try to remember . Footprinting and scanning . Both they are conducted in where . Footprinting and scanning . Internet zone . He can be anywhere in the remote location . So we ' re not feeling well . We ' re wearing masks . It ' s okay . No problem . It ' s your . Okay . So we have footprinting and scanning . Right ? Yeah . It can be conducted in Internet zone . Okay . However enumeration , it ' s conducted where in intranet zone . Inside the network guys . Okay . First phase , second phase . Okay . He ' ll be . It will be conducted in Internet zone . He ' ll try to scan . He ' ll try to gather information . He ' ll check for these things . For slide machine services . Subset of scanning is enumeration . What is enumeration ? He ' ll try to create active connections towards the target . Okay . And he ' ll try to identify their system points . He ' ll try to identify some system points in order to crack . In order to conduct system attacks . Okay . Password attacks . This all happens during this enumeration phase . So we have so many types of enumeration techniques . So your CSP level one . Model one is footprinting . Thereafter we have whole model and scanning . We have whole model and enumeration . We ' ll be discussing . All the types of enumeration techniques using which technique he can . Completely control the whole network . Attack the whole network . And how actually he performs system attacks . Password tracking attacks . Clear . So this is an enumeration phase . Subset of scanning phase . Not the third phase . Where he tries to create active connections towards the target . He ' ll try to identify some system points in order to crack passwords in order to attack system . You know , in order to perform system attacks . Those are . He ' ll be inside the network guys in this space . It ' s been conducted in intranet zone inside the network . So finally he has gained the access . Right . So he has he ' s inside the network . Let ' s say he has delivered that access successfully . What . A public zone internet zone . Intranet zone is inside the network . It ' s either a floor . Internet zone public zone . Understanding . Clear . Okay . So whatever selling . Yeah . First phase footprinting scanning . So subset enumeration . Third . We just can say finally has gained the access . Gaining access . He ' ll maintain it . What is maintain ? Main . What is maintaining access ? What actually it was . He can do anything . He can install back doors . He can install key loggers . Whatever he wants to do after gaining access . He can take a command . Take a control on the database . It may be his wish , right ? Whatever he wants to do . He ' ll maintain access . Finally , last phase . He ' ll clear the . Tracks . He ' ll never leave his footprints and happens . He ' s going to clear all the locks and tracks . Clear . So now check with this . Faces . Let me just launch once again . Yeah . First , reconnaissance . Footprinting . Then scanning . Gaining access . Maintaining access . Clearing the tracks . These are the faces of ethical hacking . Understanding any doubts in the faces . No . Clear . Should we move with the classification of attacks then ? Ankita , Sagar . Hope you guys are getting runged with . Yeah . Okay . So we have now . classification of attacks . Okay . So here . Let us try to understand . How many types of attacks are there ? Main attacks . Passive attack . Active attack . Two types of attacks we have . Yeah . So now let ' s say I have a user one here . User two . And let ' s say you ' re I have a black and a hacker . VH . What happens guys ? Let ' s say they both are communicating . Some sensitive info . They are communicating through internet . Some yeah , let ' s say they are sending some sensitive information again . So guys , if an attack occur . He knows where the message is getting initiated . Okay . And let ' s say this is the sender receiver . He knows where the message is getting initiated . Where it ' s going to move . Okay . From here to here . Who ' s the so who ' s the sender ? Who ' s the receiver ? He ' s almost analyzing the traffic . Clear . But he ' s not touching the content . He ' s just what is he doing ? He ' s just observing the message . Without modifying it . Which attack me just can ' t that . Passive . Right guys . How about that ? The black and hacker . He ' s trying to intercept . Yeah . He also observed the message . He also knows where the message is getting initiated . You know , who ' s the sender ? Who ' s the receiver ? Where it ' s been sent ? The data . Everything . And he ' ll also analyze the traffic . But what he ' s doing it here . He ' s modifying the message . He ' s modifying the content of the message . Guys , let ' s say use a one . So let ' s say Shashwath . We have your . Let ' s say . Here we have Akhilan . Let ' s say . So Shashwath is calling , you know , he asked Akhilan to come up for the dinner . Yeah . 830 p . m . But let ' s say he has changed it to 1130 . So you it ' s come up as 1130 p . m . He ' ll be waiting . You are on 830 now . But you will be visiting there at around 1130 . What happens ? Victims will be informed about that attack . If he is conducting active attack . Why active ? Guys is actively involved by observing the message . Yeah , by analyzing the traffic , he ' s even actively involved in modifying the messages . Right guys ? And yes , how so passive attack he was just observing the message . They were both aware of that . Are they aware ? They were not informed about the attack . But here , there is a modification . They ' ll be informed about the attack . Understanding ? Yeah . So this is what the two types of attacks we have . Passive attacks and then active attack . Okay . So with the proper , you know , diagram we have mentioned here . So what happens here in the passive attack ? Attacker , he observes the content of messages . Right ? He ' ll just observe guys . You do this passive attack . There is no harm to the system . Yes , he ' s not , you know , they are not getting informed about the attack . And there is no harm . He ' s just observing the message . He ' s gathering it to launch future attacks . Or he can use that information to launch further future attacks . But currently now , there is no harm to the sender and receiver and to the message . So maintaining integrity here . The data is not getting altered also . Right ? So that ' s the attack . Clear ? He ' s not actively involved here , not at all . If they ask you passive , what you need to mention is just observing the message . He ' s not touching it , touching the content . Clear . What is active ? He takes an effort to change or modify . Yes . He ' s just not only observing . He ' s changing the content is modifying the message . So , what happens ? Definitely sender and receiver . They will be informed about that attack . They ' ll get informed . Clear about the attack . And it is very dangerous to which element of information security . Integrity as well as availability because it ' s not available between them . Even it got leaked out to attacker . So it ' s dangerous to confidentiality , availability as well as integrity . So if he ' s actively involving modifying the message . And tell it us , active attack . Yeah . And definitely here in this active attack , the very important thing I would tell you . Victims will be informed about the attack . Clear ? Any doubts ? Okay . So we have cyberkill chain methodology . We ' ll be helping you with this also . Clear with the attacks classification . No doubts . So shall we move with the cyberkill chain methodology ? Are you guys ready ? Okay . So guys , here I ' m going to take an example . So let ' s say here myself , let us consider victim Fatima . So whom shall I consider attacker ? I am getting Shashwath as always a blackhead hacker example . Let ' s say Shashwath is an attacker , blackhead hacker . Okay . So guys , the first thing I want to explain you before going up with the cyberkill chain methodology . Why they have introduced this cyberkill chain methodology to you ? It ' s a defensive strategy actually . So I told you we need to know his methodologist . We should be aware of his methodologist ' s footsteps . All the technologists he uses . So cyberkill chain using this methodology will come to no way to kill his chain . Okay . So this is one of the good strategy defensive strategy we have . So now we ' ll tell now I ' ll explain you by giving the real time example . How actually attacker tries to launch an attack . Okay . And you tell me being an ethical hacker . How will you help me ? By in which situation you ' ll be mitigating that attack ? Clear ? Okay . So as you can see here cyberkill chain methodology . Yes . It ' s from a military concept . Okay . What ' s happening here ? As I told you we should be able to block the attacker at any stage . Right ? We should be knowing where to kill this chain . Yeah . Understanding . So first phases . Let ' s say step one . What Shashrath is going to do . Let ' s say I am a victim . He ' s trying to attack my system . Attack me . Okay . What he ' ll try to do . He ' ll try to focus on Rekon . What is Rekon ? Gathering information . It may be a linden account . It may be any type of social media information . Anything . He ' ll try to gather information about me . Yeah . So yes , usually in linden accounts we have almost R . You know , which profile we are working with , which company . Our professional email IDs . All the alternative email IDs . Everything we have . Sometimes even they gave the contact numbers also , right ? So you know , by checking out my profile , he can guarantee . He can say that . Yes , I am interested in cyber security section in the department . Right . So he takes up that keyword . Oh , this particular victim . She ' s interested in which one cyber security department finally has gathered some information . Step two , what is that weaponization ? Again , Akhilan will laugh . Murderer , what he ' ll try to do . If he wants to kill someone , Akhilan he can use knife or he can just what ? He can even use gun right . However he wants to kill . Same way , oh school drivers . Everybody watch Vijay Sethupati movies and web series and you people like you know . All defensive things you are learning . So weaponization . Same way hacker also after reconnaissance , you know , after gathering information . After this step one stage , they ' ll come up with a weaponization . Okay . Yes . Intelligent tools , techniques and came anything weaponization . Let me use key log . He will be using shashat will be using key log instead . I told you what is key log a form of malware . Yeah , there will be two types of key log is hardware or software key log is usually hardware key log is it will be like a piece of pen drive case . Okay . So it records , monitors , captures all the activity . I would like to show you the software key logger also here . Hmm , the best one all in one key logger . Not this , this . See software they ' re even giving you free for trial one . See , this is what I want you to understand . All in one key logger special features it captures what all the keystrokes even Facebook . Keystroke logger is there whatever you type . Guys , if I ' m typing free up PR I Y each and every alpha , but it ' s going to record . Understanding captures all the keystrokes or whatever the user types . Yeah , and records instant messenger monitor , supplication usage , do your desktop activity your mouse cursor activity . It captures all the screenshots everything . Yeah , and even HTML reports if sometimes if you wanted to disable it , yes , it helps us in disabling anti key log is we have both the things , you know , in features . See , yes , new we can just you know put up in a hidden mode . It ' s sometimes invisible in task manager . It captures mouse cursor activity dual monitor , you know , since even a log way on it to work . Understanding captures snapshots see so many things . If you said to capture only active window , yes , it ' s going to capture only that . Understanding so what he ' ll try to use see guys what happens is here . Keylogger is the weapon he is going to use since he finds that I am in a cybersecurity department . So he thinks that mom will come to know if I use that hardware keylogger and definitely check right if it has been connected to my office laptop . Sometimes I may use desktop . Sometimes he can you know and during that time he can just use hardware keylogger because usually we want to visit our cabins and every day can we check that CPU part . What has been connected to our CPU no right every day you check no right but software keylogers if you use . Here let ' s say first thing he has gathered information about me second thing weaponization is ready . He is considering key logger as a weapon . He is going to use software key logger . And he is going to use what fishing page . And he is going to attach the software keylogger in a fishing page . Understanding so this website if I open . You know since I am interested in cybersecurity he can send me offer letter some attachment right yes . So by cloning some websites sites he just can ' t say be front and what will be happening I will be checking with the offer letter right definitely guys if I am researching on forensic department you know committed acting forensic investigation C HFI . If I ' m getting a good offer from forensic team or some validation testing team with a good base skill definitely will be launching the email and will be checking with the company that know what all the how much height they want to give me everything will be checking that right . Same way what he will be doing he will be using weapon as a software keylogger he will be attaching to that fishing page and then he will think for what he will think for delivery now yes see . The con is done weaponization is done yeah now he is thinking of delivery definitely most of the students are working professionals . Anyone everybody like you know I can consider the use gmail application yeah you would have tried with instant messenger Facebook but professionally he wants to he want me to he want to manipulate regarding that offer letter right so what he will try to do he choose gmail application delivery step three . Right Shashwath he will be using gmail application you ' ll be focusing on the delivery part so the subject has to be attracted so that I should launch an email right your matter should be attracted and in that there will be a attachment . The fishing page right if I click front end what will be happening I ' ll be looking over the offer letter which company what is that turn over profit everything I ' ll be checking there right back and what is happening guys this software keyloggers will be getting installed there will be exploiting all my system well no peace . Here yeah so what we will have see they ' ll exploit all my system well no peace and they started installing it can become here guys okay there can be a mismatch installation can come up first exploration can come up last okay yes record weaponization delivery he did I am just interested in the offer letter I ' m cross checking the US company but back and what is happening software keyloggers are getting instant . So and they ' re expanding all mine system well no peace what happens finally the keylogger they used to fetch out all the reports the keystrokes everything and they ' re going to forward it to who . Attackers server attack a smelly it comes up okay and he ' ll be knowing my windows users password my credentials everything if I have launched an internet banking right if I ' m using user name pass one there everything keystroke whatever I type it has . I ' m captured all the report both so attackers may write he can take a control on the system right and further whatever he wants to do he can . Understanding so finally shashrithas attacked me my system so you tell me guys being an ethical hacker I want passes from your side so how will you kill this chain . That you think . Email ID 2 . It will be a legitimate one . It ' s a similar ID . It shows like yes he ' s a boxer company . Yeah . We can take the . Recall okay he is gathering information now what you can you how will you be knowing . Yeah . So we can get a warning message if he ' s trying to install virus warm we have a security tool okay where we can get a warning sign good but the thing is recond he ' s trying to fetch the data from publicly available resources . Passive footprint in carana from other resources he ' s trying to fetch the data how come I know somebody ' s following me and somebody ' s you know gathering information about me . Yes as you said email once he ' s forwarding an email he ' s sending me some malicious attachment before going with that webpage I would have tried right analyzing that whether it ' s a malicious attachment or not whether it ' s a legitimate email or not yeah how you ' re going to check whether it ' s a fishing email or whether it ' s a legitimate email . Sometimes it won ' t it won ' t go to spam it directly comes to inbox . If it ' s a spam email it comes to inbox what are you going to do yes I would help you and check fish tool okay see free . Checking link check fishing link I ' ll try to show you this so first we learned a spring . eu and second I would like to help you with check fish so here you just can scan the URL whatever the URL he provide right regarding that US company offer later website everything you just can ' t check if you want to check see it ' s a free URL scanning yeah and even typos quads inside from community . The I detection they can you know detect the respective domain it even monitor fishing and scam sites guys there it checks and helps in whether it ' s attachment is a you know legitimate one or a attached one right if it ' s a video flatter if it ' s anything attachment malicious link it just can check out here understanding it helps us in monitor . And it helps us in monitoring fishing and scam sites here if you want to scan your suspicious URLs you can here see their products domain monitoring URL scanner okay so we have so many things here they have a sandbox also getting it guys so let me just give you your okay scans so these many scans have been . These many scans has happened last 24 hours and they are the active users active organization they have taken a premium subscription already okay so you just can check . Let me just give any URL and check here the contact . net just a testing domain . I ' m checking the whole domain okay see it ' s going to tell us okay the source URL yeah top level domain is . net and IP address location the main branches in US . And it ' s can the hosting for our address code ID ASN number and detection date okay what else location we need to go with the premium version screenshot they have given of the website similar URLs we have you know zero nobody has created the similar URL suspicious URLs see . And there is no fish on IP there ' s no fishing on host everything is clear understanding guys same way if your boss gives you a task you know so we have a live URLs can also you can go with that . Cisco team they have a Cisco Talos team they have a good tool fish tank tool I would like to show you this also it ' s operated by Cisco Talos intelligence group okay so if you want to submit any suspected fishes you can you are if you want to track their status you want you know yes so you need to do your registration see we can verify a fish . Okay you need to register your and you can verify what I want to tell you is if your boss ask you so many emails comes up it may be a business email it may be a legitimate email it may be a spam email right he ' ll ask you you know sometimes I ' ll be clicking on some attachment you know it looks like a legitimate email business email but sometimes it ' s a fishing email spam it goes to I know some completely out it ' s related to a scams website and it ' s a spam email . How he he ' ll ask you he ' ll ask your suggestion how you ' re going to differentiate how you ' re going to help me in differentiating those things you can help him with this fish tank tool he just need to take the subscription okay for his mailing list whatever the mail comes if it ' s coming from a spoof diary if it ' s coming from my you know any others who ' ve right pure any other untrusted source is going to get that if any email it is getting attached to some malicious link . And then forwarded to his email thing it will get you know he used to get a notification don ' t use this this particular email message is a spam email message don ' t go over it you know we used to get a warming sign at least so you just can you know we can defend here against a click jacking attack now it is there ' s a click jacking attack everywhere right you say do do this fishing attack yeah this fish tank attack tool sometimes they can ask you for a registration finish this registration if they permit so say new is a registration temporary they have disabled it okay if you are a member you can directly signing and use whenever they you know enable it try to register under this fish tank tool and you use this okay try checking track somewhere some suspected fishes and check the status clear this or this you just can use which one check fish links can now you are a scanner clear you can check with their plans also packages just go with the free trial first okay and then go with other things see when you go with subscription only they can allowed us with the AI automated tools and they can give us the advanced dashboard and they ' re gonna alert us on our risk but here yes you can just at least scan 25 live you are all daily and yes type of spot results can be given you can monitor a whole one domain for free understanding guys clear why that topic came cyber kill change right yes so before I launch any email message I would have crossed check I would have analyzed the suspicious link which has been attached to that attachment under email right I would have killed that chain I would have killed the attacker chain there yeah guys this is what is cleared understanding cyber kill chain methodology yes no maybe may not be yes yes the thing is like so many cyber kill chain there you know he I need to be aware of this key logger pre - request things I would have used anti - killogger section you know tool so what it would have detected and it are disabled the key logger anti - killogger tool I ' m not using I ' m not using anti mile tool so that whatever the attachment a single attachment I get from other application it is to give me a war being signed how I blindly open that attachment so I would have killed the chain here only under the weaponization or would have identified as weapon yeah yes so what this is what the chain I need to kill before the delivery before after delivery after delivery I will be knowing now he will be delivering it before exploitation I would have identified it I would have mitigated this attack you know he exploded almost my flaws the thing is he was he can ' t stop him is his opinion he can he can his whatever weapon he is he wants to use if he wants to crash my server he ' ll be using botnets he ' ll be maintaining large lab set up of partners homey machines and he ' ll try to crash the server my thing is I want to mitigate that does attack at any time he ' s trying to crash my server let me use load balance detector let me use virtual private service so that whatever the malicious traffic it will be distributed that in the virtual private service and I can mitigate that attack now Amazon does load balancing they have load balance detectors anybody can ' t crash their server they are full on with you know focused on mitigation techniques like that they can do anything hackers but we need to you know maintain we need to implement strongly our mitigation techniques there yeah so I ' ve got so guys some basic my you know terminologies we have so hack value himself you know he ' ll be having a task that he ' s going to crack this he ' s going to attack this some value he ' ll maintain notion we say okay the proceed value he himself will think that oh this network I have attacked you know I have you know completed my task so himself he is going to give some value okay that perceived value we just can say as a hack value one of the you got to know system flaw weakness what is it threat here I explained you the whole cyber kitchen methodology which was a threat there look was yes any other answers example for a threat yes loaded now you ' re trying tell me it ' s one key logger now he didn ' t use virus he used key logger yes yes anything malicious but we intentionally used in that example key logger key logger is a threat right it is a one which which exploits the one of the guys loop also one of these already my system flaws okay threat he used a weapon right key logger that the one was going to exploit the one which exploits the one of the weakness they ' re the fear key logger good exploit in the sense way of gaining access yes he almost destroyed my assets right yeah by exploiting all the system flaws he took a control exploiting the sense yes way of gaining access to the system through a security flaw yeah flaws and yes he ' s going he ' s going to take the advantages of those flaws what is a payload guys see part of the private user text it could contain malware so he can create a payload there he used a fishing page and he had touched a software key logger he can create any virus warm or any payload using a medasquad framework any malicious JavaScript if he ' s that as you know the fishing page we say that as payload and it ' s a component of an attack very essential component of an attack is payloads okay usually they always use medasquad framework you know to create those exploits and payloads clear see it can perform anything malicious action , action , action , action , here key logger what it performed it was fetching out all the key strokes of the user right whatever attacker says it has to do right so payload risk yes one of the very important equation guys risk is nothing but straight into well okay so yes you know he uses the threat and then he found the well know to and there will be a risk is going to destroy our set please that remember attacking equation motive plus methods as well as plus well know please attacking equation and risk equation they ' re going to ask you under international example always used to ask about these two equations very important risk equation as well as attacking equation so always in an organization they just remain in two teams cyber threat intelligence team network defense team incident response team so they are the one see who ' s going to collect analyze all the information about the threats okay and they are the one who tries to build strategies not to defend against various digital attacks okay and they ' re the one who identify mitigate various businesses they ' re the one who is going to identify threats guys okay any related security incidents they ' re going to manage and we also have incident management see they identify analyze resolve all the security incidents clear and then yes so now freshly for your updated version they have introduced this information security controls they want us to know what are these controls preventive security detective okay technical there will be a technical control logical control right in an organization it is good to have access control system right but as you know nowadays flipper 0 is using to unlock it and break the authentication but they ' re even using AI automated tools and machinery algorithm to maintain a proper access control systems right which he can evade using the 3 . 0 tool also okay so here we have some deterrent controls preventive controls detective you need to go through this slide okay the examples they may ask they may not ask that to have included in the syllabus so very important as there can be a question about ISO international organization for standardization who is the one who ' s going to provide guidance on information technology and computer security this is the one guys they ' re going to ask you the version number 27001 and whatever our views debit cards credit cards you ' re going to have a chip right under that yeah information associated with that related to that card who ' s going to protect who ' s protecting it team and card industry data security standard PCI DSS they ' re the one they ' re protecting all the sensitive data which is associated with your credit card and debit card remember damn question they ' re going to ask this has in so many people always they ' re going to focus on attacking equation risk equation and PCI DSS payment card industry data security standard clear and we also have some cyber laws if chart this trying to damage my system he ' ll be behind the bar under the section 43 if Akhil and is trying to you know send me some offensive message I ' ll be behind the bar under the section 66 year they ' re going so these are some of the sections I ' ve mentioned they can ask you which section related to what yeah which cyber law there can be anything in MCQ so what I have mentioned some sections clear yeah so most of you have not installed call in it please try to install it I ' m really sorry I couldn ' t create a drive today I ' ll create it safe whichever the if you ' re not if they are not mentioning your name then the new joiners please mention your name and email ID so that I ' ll collect it and I ' ll try to give you a driving catches cleared so I ' ll be uploading this module one notes today under drive I ' ll be uploading the brocho and windows doors commands okay so I need to improve your computing skills so that see windows are run command so I just can ' t run this device manager right I need to know some shortcuts right guys see the mgmd I suddenly device management it got opened so I need to improve your what computing skills so I ' ll be giving some windows doors commands then please work with that so many commands are there in order to work in the you know in one day just go ahead with two to three commands every day so windows doors commands pre - requestings installation of Carlislelex under VMWat that video and module one notes will be attached to your drive and will be sharing the driveling caches I request the new joining a new joiners to submit your email ID that right on your name email ID properly there okay and we ' ll be giving the driving passes I think we completed module one today yeah tomorrow will be starting with the networking problems tomorrow we ' re going to discuss some of the tools in true I want to give you one note P which tool we ' re going to focus information gathering which one if it ' s a sniffing which one we ' re going to focus session eye jacking which one how actually he tries to create phishing page using which tool you know there ' ll be some intro on the practical tools as well as I ' m going to focus on networking so I need at least two three days to cover up all the networking fundamentals so since I think today you understood all the cyber security foundation what is ethical hacking now almost like you know what is attack types of attack faces of hacking how actually it tries to launch attack what are the elements of information security which we need to maintain as a standard you know to transfer data in a secure way I think we almost covered the fundamentals right tomorrow we ' re going to focus on some intelligence tools in true as well as foundation part fundamentals of networking so you ' ll be solving all the IP related problems also max plus networking class it will be fun okay so and then yeah and then this week completely we ' re going to focus on foundation next week we ' re going to focus on proper cyber security models foot printing clear guys okay so shall we end the meeting here hope it ' s clear to Ankita Ranjit and Sagar also right yeah awesome so I have your email ladies will be sharing the drive link clear okay thank you so much guys take care bye bye thank you man bye