Thank you . Good morning , Ma ' am . It ' s , uh , hope you ' re doing fine . So it ' s not in another two minutes , okay ? Yeah . Thank you . You Thank you . Yeah . Hi , guys . Hi , Sagar . Hi , Shiva . So , I don ' t know how many people would just need to see . Okay . 90 dollars . Data might . We need to ask the best . Resultions . Okay . So , you want my direction first ? Okay . So , guys , my fill name is Sagar Thasnim Fatima . Okay . Natovers , Mandya . So , I have done my engineering in Girls ' Generation College , Ramnagar . I did my M . Tekin , this specification , digital electronics and communication from B . I . to Bandrope . I can be a question . I ' m a completely electronics department . So , after that , I jump into cybersecurity . So , I have done my international certification , I ' ll certified ethical hacker . So , in this training field , yes , definitely as a trainer , I have four plus years of experience . So , here I have a , like myself , I ' m a senior cybersecurity trainer in my team . So , yeah . Currently , I ' m researching on penetration testing , as well as computer hacking forance again , investigation . Really sorry for my voice . It may be irritating , having cold and cough , really sorry for that . Okay . So , yes , we ' ll have your quick introduction . We ' ll start from a show . A show . Shashwata . Okay . I have done this interview . I ' ll see you in one . Which pass ? Here . Okay . Beginner . Flasher . Okay . Welcome . Welcome to our team . Yes . Okay . Very good . Which you have passed out . Very good . So , you are also a Flasher . Yes . I ' m a shak . Okay . Yes . Okay . Yes . Okay . So , currently you are studying . Okay . Now , you are getting , how you are like , how you are coming to offline ? We sing college and coming up here . Oh , nice . Very good . Okay . Welcome to the team . Yes . Nice and slow . Shivam . Okay . So , you are from ? From the village . Okay . What do you have done ? From the village . A couple of times . Please come . Okay . So , you had you did when ? Which you have ? Okay . So , completely Flasher . That is our security . Right ? Okay . Yes . I ' m a killer . Kira . A killer . Okay . I have a couple of things . I ' m from the village . I ' m a killer . Okay . It ' s been , it ' s nearly completed . Nice . And then , yes . This is the room for you . Your name , please ? I don ' t know . Okay . Nice . You are also a Flasher . For this domain . Okay . What ' s your nickname ? What can I call you ? Okay . Yes . It is very good . And it is very personal . And I have a convict . You take . On the side of the system . Okay . We take , in which college you did yourself a security card . Okay . Nice . How many tools you are aware of in cybersecurity since you completed me ? Two , three . Okay . Fine . Yes . You are a Neal . Yes . Harish . Okay . I call I guess the first name . Yeah . Yes . Okay . You are from . Okay . You are completely engineering cybersecurity . Okay . So why then you guys have completed your , uh , we take already be . Why is MSNK here then ? Completely disappointed with the University syllabus . I okay . So because they won ' t provide anything . I ' m also completely disappointed with . We do syllabus . I just saw the elective subject guys . What ? What do you want to get with the definition of the word ? What ? What do you want to get with the definition of cybersecurity cyber crime ? We never going to get anything . Only definitions and learning the sections of cyber laws . Defletate can help us . No . It won ' t help us . Right ? So yeah . So what I asked how many tools you are aware of . Okay . So we have Ankita . Ankita . Hi . Can we have your quick introduction ? Hi , ma ' am . Uh , myself Ankita . So I ' ve done my using the SC Digital Fibre for a six - time . Okay . And yeah , I ' m very interested in this course . I ' m glad I joined it . Okay . Thank you Ankita . I can ' t hear anybody else ' s conversation . I can only hear your voice . Okay . Fine . So we ' ll check that . We ' ll check with the projector and we ' ll find that . Okay . Yes . And who else we have . So I think we have Shiva . Yes . Please send us with your . Basically I ' m from Konnubarits and I ' m working in Hyderabad . I committed my MBA for dance in the phone 15 . And I have overall experience eight plus years into 180 . I ' m completely in focus . You know , okay . Welcome to the tension . Thank you . Hi , boss . Hi , Sahagar . Hi , boss . Hi , all . My name is Sahagar Sonare . I am from Maharashtra Pune conducting this as online . I ' m a graduate in the BCA . That is a computer application and carrying 9 years expense in IT tech support . Currently I ' m a working profession in Pune itself . And as a right now working in the L2 as IT professional . Yes . Welcome to the team . Thanks . Yes . So let me quickly share my note here . Okay . So guys today let us try to understand . Okay . So first class I don ' t want to go with the syllabus because you need to understand right what we teach you what we train . What we have what which course you have joined here . Right . So first I think voice is audible and screen sharing is visible for the online participants . Yes . Okay . So guys you have joined for certified cyber security professional plus course . Understanding . So here one week we ' ll be focusing on what cyber security foundation and ethical hacking foundation . What are you going to learn here from the basic from the scratch you need to know . What is an attack ? What is a threat ? How actually attacker launches an attack with what actually what are the intelligence tools we gonna know to become ethical hacker guys we need to focus on three things . What attacking tools we need to know we need to know attacking methodologist tools techniques security tools mitigation techniques why we need to learn attacking tools to become a black attacker . No our main goal is to protect our organization always think for that you know being an ethical hacker main goal of an ethical hacker or validation . It ' s to protect the organization and to safeguard the critical information right so understanding so I ' ll just tell you the syllabus first and they later I ' ll give you introduction . So here we have certified cyber security professional plus this course here one week . We deal with both the platforms windows platform as well as call in the platform will tell you how to install call in the so for beginner is one of the best Linux based OS . We will be having 600 plus penetration testing tools in that . Okay . So one of the best OS you gonna have so see in some company they ' ll be dealing with windows in some company they ' ll be dealing with Linux why to let us learn almost you know let us cover everything let us cover windows intelligence to windows intelligence tools as well as the call in the intelligence tools . Please come . Cyber security class . Okay . So in this course first we gonna focus on this I ' m going to how much you are aware of networking . So guys if you want to become a ethical hacker at least I need 10 to 20 % of computing space right you people know right installing software and running it ' s yeah . That ' s all simple you people know how to download a game and then run it right it ' s simple I just need you to have 10 to 20 % of computing skills . How about networking skills I want you to enhance 20 30 to 40 % of network you need to know what is private IP public IP MAC address what is the NIC card . And very important is you need to know right if it is the sender receiver how actually data is getting transferred from sender to receiver only data is getting transferred or something is attached and getting transferred . Right we have so many questions we have you know they used to ask you about OSI model TCP IP model client server model right yeah so you will be discussing all the networking part here the basic ethical hacking foundation cyber security foundation and almost your networking fundamentals will be revised will be cleared here in this week . Okay . Later we ' re going to focus on CSP level one CSP level . Here since I have secured my international certification so I you know I give first priority for the international syllabus so we maintain international syllabus here the upgraded one which I like to show you here one moment let me show the full screen and show you yes this is what the updated syllabus . Why am I maintaining international syllabus guys . Because it should be easy for you to secure international certification further it ' s a global certificate after training I want you to secure that right anybody can take up training and they can have ethical hacking certificate grab the certificate from us though from easy console international certification right so what I ' m maintaining international syllabus . This is what you are 20 cyber security models will be covered you will be knowing what how many types of attacks are there from the scratch will be landing to advance level guys . Okay . Introduction to ethical hacking I ' ll tell you what comes here what comes in for printing what comes in scanning what is well I ' ll tell you today each and everything okay so let us focus on this first . So this 20 models will be focusing here right . And then I have also include since you ' ll be going with as an as an ethical hacker you ' re going there but that there will be a question regarding politician does because ethical hacker is nothing but a penetration test . We have three names why did I occur ethical hacker penetration test . Okay so what they can be so I it ' s a higher level certification than to I would like to cover at least 40 % of penetration testing here okay and then we focus with AI artificial intelligence what is AI and everybody says artificial intelligence . So the thing is guys nowadays hacker he can easily you know create virus he can easily create bombs yes so many construction kits okay so nothing is unhackable people say that Android phone is you know not safer iPhone is safer really . We can hack Mac we can hack iPhones nothing is unhackable okay so same way AI can help us in analyzing vast amount of data okay if we are getting a new virus or something it helps us in analyzing that new anomalies new virus okay so what here is the future of cyber security why is the future of cyber security why we need AI and machine learning algorithms okay into cyber security . So in today ' s market they ' re merging it yeah I analyst as well as cyber security okay so cyber security analyst so they are merging the two technologies and we have a huge they ' re gonna hire you as a AI analyst they can hire as ethical hacker they can hire you as a proud security specialist they can hire you as a penetration tested IoT specialist mobile hacking specialist so many roles we have okay so so what I have included fundamentals as well as having a lot of information about the world . I have included fundamentals as well as hands on session okay so this is what the syllabus we ' re gonna cover at least maximum we need three months right three months to four months let ' s say why four months I want to conduct a session so once level one is done whole week we ' ll be practicing practical here also alternative days there will be practical you should be ready with 85 plus 200 plus intelligence tools if you ' re boss ask you how will track somebody ' s IP how will you affect the somebody ' s approximate physical location how will you scan the whole network how will you check the volume piece floss weakness you should be ready right so as I told you I ' m completely disappointed with the new university syllabus as well as video syllabus they ' re not giving us any tools see as I asked they be press up since he has done B tick so he ' s telling me two to three tools have been practiced why what they were doing the whole year right practical implementation should be there guys then only you ' ll be learning so to mitigate sniffing attack you should know what a sniffing attack how a hacker used to conduct it then only you stop that attack right yeah being an ethical hacker we should be ready to block that attack at any stage okay so what we are focusing on three things what are those will be learning attacking tools techniques strategist whatever his footsteps how actually launches an attack everything is going to be easy to do it because we should play a very smarter game not to prevent hackers right so secondly we ' ll be focusing on all the security tools thirdly mitigation techniques we should be ready to block that attack okay so now this is what the syllabus is I created a driveling today I ' ll create a drive where I ' ll try to give I ' ll try to forward you through your emails the driveling access okay so that I ' ll upload your broad show so that you ' ll get an idea right what are the topics will be covering everything so this is what us so what it is called as certified cybercognizational plus okay and along with that practical part yes 85 plus 200 plus tools will be discussed clear there can be question man coding no coding is required since it ' s the first advanced level course okay for higher level certification if you are jumping with the penetration distinct or digital forensics we need some of quite some sort of quite on or CC plus but not now okay so if you know coding it helps for future attacks for you know for higher level certification but now we don ' t need we don ' t require coding clear understanding okay so let me just show you the syllabus here first thing is introduction to ethical hacker right here now we ' ll be discussing the syllabus understanding Ankeeta Shiva ' s Sagar yes okay so first module we have our introduction to ethical hacking right guys what is hacking what is the difference between ethical hacking in simple words what is hacking stealing can we say stealing yeah illegal right yeah if it is ethical no if it is just a hacking which is can say stealing he ' ll try to yeah launch cyber attack right what is cyber attack intentionally he ' ll put a effort no to conduct that means intentional effort by an hacker to destroy the data or to steal your credentials anything he can he tries to damage your reputation he can even enhance your financial floss right he can destroy your reputation he can do anything right yeah so simple but ethical so hacking is nothing but stealing let me help you with the difference between black and white and what comes in middle one well no big understanding guys what is well no big floss weakness very good if they ask you what is well no big under cyber security weakness floss weakness in an IT system right well no big can be anywhere guys even we suffer from migraine we suffer from BP sometimes you know people suffer from diabetes right guys same way well no big can be anywhere it can be in the data it can be the application it can be in the server on a server or on a network infrastructure it can be anywhere right guys so what is the main difference between a black and hacker and a white and hacker we also identify well no big black and hackers also identify well no big but yes okay we also use it but we yes yes very good so what are I can we also identify well no big but we always ensure what system security we going to check the severity levels whether we have a critical well no big high level small level we ' re going to tell the patch management team to upgrade the patches right we ' re going to we ' re going to fetch all the report and then we ' ll be forwarded that report to patch management team and development team okay however them black and hacker what are they going to do once they identify well no big they ' re going to exploit it they ' re going to exploit this weakness and then finally they ' ll get into the target network understanding and in order to gain what unhurtized access right so what we should not leave a single well no big also why they need ethical hackers everywhere and there will be obvious understanding as let me just help you with the non - technical part also there can be a doubt which you are there can be a misconception I just say beside the sun people think that we need some industrial experience to get into this domain no okay if you are a fresher yes no problem not at all so if you are a working professional with different domain than to yes you can jump into this domain they won ' t check your stream whether you ' re from BCA become B with stream your if you are securing distinction in mtake also nobody has like you know till now nobody has crossed my marks understanding they ' re going to focus on two things what are those technical skills and add on certifications they ' re going to check that okay so even they won ' t check how fluent you are in English no they ' re going to check that technical skills how good you are in this technical part okay and that and this add on I don ' t certifications guys don ' t think that you don ' t have industrial experience you are a fresher don ' t think that focus on your technical skills try to improve that clear so you ' ll be learning in this introduction to ethical hacking that what is hacking what is ethical hacking what is an attack yeah how actually he tries to launch an attack what are the phases of hacking and ethical hacking okay and then what is passive attack what is active attack what is this kids you know cyber kitchen methodology where we can kill his chain how actually he tries to showcase this methodology in order to attack us everything in detail will be learning okay so and then after this basic introduction to ethical hacking I ' m never going to jump to foot printing okay where I ' ll be jumping I ' ll be jumping to your say I can show you your I ' m sharing the first thing see after an introduction to ethical hacking we have foot printing we ' re never going to jump that because I want to jump to networking part once the introduction is done okay under networking as I told you you need to know what is OSI model TCP API model so what is times of the model how actually us you know data is getting sent data is getting transmitted from sender to receive word what ' s happening in between in detail you need to know okay so we ' ll be covering all the networking fundamentals because under international exam there used to ask a plenty of problems with respect to IP IP problems will be there subnet yeah we need to know what is private IP public IP right guys what is the public IP let ' s say my tab or you just can have my phone laptop if they want to access internet yeah if they want to go online ISP provider internet service provider will be assigning us public IP right guys yeah we need to know these things what is actually a private IP public IP the difference mac address it ' s a physical address of any network device right so in detail I know you have done your networking part I guess through your work under your graduation part but the revision is must okay so we ' ll be covering everything why he can conduct sniffing attack through hub why he feels you know he finds difficulty when he wants to you know conduct sniffing attack through switch why switch is an intelligent device why hub is a brainless device everything you need to know about right so don ' t worry I ' ll create a drive I ' ll try to attach a module one once we finish module one we ' ll be attaching the modules you know notes please come server security understanding guys so we ' ll be going in flow okay so yeah once it ' s done networking part will be covered now module two meanwhile we ' ll also show you how to install Kalianux yeah how to just complete video I ' ll try to upload under the time so now let ' s say module two foot printing let ' s say we have an attacker here so target organization right let ' s say econ company that ' s my target attacker target not my target okay guys I ' m not a black hacker I ' m a legal hacker okay so yeah people used to introduce I think a hackers like a black hacker yeah no so yes here we have a attacker this is the target organization guys before launching an attack what is the first step of attack foot printing he ' ll try to gather information about this target and about this target environment yeah if they ask you which is the first step of at any attack it ' s a foot printing even a murderer if he wants to kill someone what he ' ll do he ' ll gather information right same way he has to gather information what is foot printing now help me gathering why is it coming in the book okay gathering information right guys same way secondly what he tries to do scanning he ' ll try to scan the whole network you are what he ' s trying to check he ' ll try to check about ports live machines host and services running in the network guys what is a port what is a port virtual point where the network connection start stand and so over here guys if I want to send an email I need port port 25 if I want to receive an email port 143 and then 110 pop 3 I map I need protocol if I want to send an email I need simple mail transfer protocol if I want to take remote access to Akhil and Akhil and right yeah so what I need to take I need to take remote access to a system I ' m going to troubleshoot your network issue any issue you are you are like you you may find difficulty in installing calling right what happens port 23 tell your protocol place a prominent guys we need port port place a prominent role okay to identify a specific process understanding if you want to just share a file we need port file sharing protocol as well as port and standing so he ' ll try to scan the whole network he ' ll check for ports and not go so technical today I ' ll tell you what actually happens so here port is open close filtered unfilted everything he ' ll check and he ' ll also check live machines if he ' s scanning our network he should be able to check the staff right how many live machines how many of them have been connected to the router right guys same way he ' ll be checking here however this services for all the services running in the network yeah those services and however this subset of scanning is enumeration okay this is the subset in enumeration this two are conducted in internet zone here during this enumeration phase it is conducted in intranet zone he ' ll be inside then it will he ' ll try to identify points and you know whatever the system attacks password tracking attacks apple it happens during enumeration okay you may think mom is going mom is running mom is doing fast guys don ' t worry we have a whole module on footprinting we have a we have a whole module and scanning and whole model on enumeration okay so once he ' s attacking to the network using the enumeration techniques once he is gaining access yeah it ' s an express maintaining access clearing the trucks understanding so we have a whole module on footprinting see and recurrences what is recurrences larger process of collecting information information in the sense with respect to this organization he can collect organization information he can collect what system information yeah network information well - own - tee information right so many information critical assets we say recurrences is nothing but larger poses where I know attacker tries to collect information collect critical assets subset of recurrences is footprinting understanding so footprinting now for now you try to understand it ' s nothing but two points I want you to understand first step of any attack and footprinting is nothing but gathering information okay and then he tries to scan it finally with the help of enumeration try techniques he tries to crack password okay password attacks whatever system attacks happens here and then finally he ' ll gain the access he ' ll maintain the access he ' ll clear the trucks okay so along with the theoretical concepts we also need to maintain practical implementation right guys so if I ask you to fetch out a complete side report of Apple company what are you going to do ? sagipity google yeah you ' re gonna search right guys how will you fetch out hidden information and internal information if I say with respect to Apple company or Amazon company I need complete server details yeah there are admin email address admin facts number phone number how many employees how many admins we have in the technical team every internal information and hidden information also I need to fetch what we need to do we need to use intelligence tool right yeah we need to know first which tool we can use intelligence tool so that it can help us right for footprinting under windows yes you can go for net craft smart to use under callin index mild to go one of the best information gathering tool which we have under callin index we have three editions community edition enterprise edition professional edition guys in enforcers or any mnc you stick cyber security professionals in real time they ' re working with the professional edition we can pay 30 to 40 lakhs per year right but we can use the community edition and we can check how actually it helps us in fetching out all the side report yeah I mean hidden information everything we can fetch up right so once the theory is done we ' ll be jumping into practical part we ' ll try to show you how actually we conduct information gathering okay how actually we conduct footprinting technique which are the foot information gathering tools everything we will be doing yourself practical part understanding then scanning so one task I would like to give you scanning okay so let ' s say I am here at my home yeah let ' s say I am here they have asked me to work from home let ' s say okay I have an interview I need to take interview for to hire junior cyber security trainer let ' s say but my zoom is not loading itself okay what happens is my brother he has circulated the passage everywhere this voice they will be having and I am connected to my home router right so boys are you much a password ? it ' s okay it ' s okay it ' s okay it ' s to circulate the passage for all the cousins best friends everything so tell me using which simple tool okay you can fetch out all the details like how many of them have been connected to your router home router their mac address their IP address their open ports and if you want to block them see they ' ll feel bad right if for we say why you are connected to my home router and I ' ll just remove your weight so you can ' t say if we can blackmail and you can ' t you know so tell them they ' ll feel bad right without their knowledge if you ' re removing from your home router and if you ' re blocking them yes it ' s okay for a while right how you gonna do that let ' s say I ' m at my home I ' m connected to home router yeah I ' m unable to launch zoom I have an interview yeah I need to take this interview after 10 minutes but what ' s happening my brother he has given the password through almost his friends cousins everywhere okay and they ' re doing some combined study let ' s say so I ' m unable to take up that internet access now right my zoom is not loading I need to use some tool to check the list how many phones have been connected how many Mac how many laptops have been connected to that router so their IPs their mac address everything I need to list out and if I want to block someone yeah outside it I would like you know I would like to block yes I will be blocking them without their knowledge which tool any idea almost I was writing the tool any tools any idea saga or Ankita here guys yes you want me to help I kill a man first there maybe only a you ' re named I don ' t know I don ' t know that one I ' ll help out you ' ll you ' ll think about it who said in the in the business it works can you do yeah for organization for checking live machines yeah it ' s one of the best tool where you can check the open ports close ports device name manufacturing everything what we chose they ' re using everything in detail we gonna get this is a simple scanning tool where you just can check the live machines which one yes think this one I can show you the screenshots also so today ' s task is what you ' ll be doing you will be connecting to your PG router or home router after visiting woman after visiting PG you are going to download this thing through your play store okay and check how many people have been connected to that particular router so I ' ll just try to show you the screenshot how actually it looks hold on this actually application comes in this way guys okay think yeah what ' s this we show you how it could how actually it comes up why all the small little hours coming up yes so see who as I told you okay just try to download think before downloading connect to your PG by or your home router which well I don ' t know where you guys stay yeah so I think almost all our PG who stays here in manual to manual yeah three okay which area guys super super all layers okay so guys yeah you just can you guys can connect to your home router you guys can connect to your PG router download thing yes okay but the answer of our first PG so good PG so you guys can download this and check how many of you how many of them have been connected to your router and then try to analyze their MAC address will be given here and IP address their open ports try to click on them okay if they used to give us the option to block or to remove from the router okay understanding so this way we ' ll be analyzing so many tools guys clear yeah I was talking about scanning right so scanning we have in map proxy switcher we ' re gonna use angry epic scanner advanced I ' m this scanner because you need to know right how hacker they surf anonymously yeah so they used to hide IP IP as well as location right so all his methodologist you ' ll be learning because we should you know become a very smarter we should play a very smarter game right by knowing it ' s all the techniques only we can we can protect our so what you ' ll be learning everything in that okay so now scanning and innovation as I told you he ' ll try to create active connection towards the target we have so many plenty of innovation techniques guys foot printing scanning it is conducted in internet zone scan innovation is conducted in internet zone he ' ll be inside the network how actually with the help of innovation techniques he ' ll try to crack passwords he ' ll try to identify the system points in order to you know conduct system attacks everything in detail you ' ll be learning in the innovation okay we have volume of T analysis as I told you what is the difference between volume of T assessment and penetration testing any idea yes but you ' ve got to know what is volume of T right what is volume of T weakness floss loophole loophole always try to remember that okay so volume of T analysis main goal that you know very main goal and a primary goal of an ethical hacker is to fetch out the loophole okay to check the loophole in a whole domain which tool we can use to check out that automated scanning tools naces to check only server side volume T network okay open was we have qualis next post zap over zap this was a wonderful automated volume this scanning tools what do you need to give after downloading them they just ask URL let flicks . com amazon . com econtact . net just give the URL what they ' re going to give you complete hundred plus pages of automated report comes up which photos open which has to be filtered where you need to update the patches okay which application is not updated yet regarding you know related to your domain everything comes up there you just need to forward that to home patch management team all network difference team all development team that ' s it being a fresher they are hiring for volume T analyst and a penetration tester or totally they can say sometimes as wrapped analyst fresher being a pressure they are fetching about 50k 45k to 50k guys recently my students swati she got placed in volume T section and being a fresher she was having one and a few industrial experience I guess okay and yes but they have taken her completely as a fresher 45k to 50k is her salary and every three months she ' s getting bonus so we have huge opportunities okay so yeah see she just she ' s just knowing this three tools and she ' s working with those three tools and this is just entering the URL and she ' s dragging all the reports she ' s studying that report and she ' s telling that see in this domain we have this percentage of critical volume T we have this percentage of higher volume T smaller volume critical volume T it may cause a big impact on our organization so we have to think about that right so just forwarding the reports right understanding see well - known analyst he will be using this tools he will be using this intelligence tools and he ' ll be fetching out the report right so he can almost drag known software vulnerabilities what about penetration tester we will be conducting attack with the permission guys if ethical hacker the main difference between a cyber security analyst and ethical hacker or penetration tester is if I ' m analyzing a single tool if I ' m teaching you a single tool if I ' m deploying a single tool I have to take a permission from the consent authorities system owner organization owner I have to take the permission understanding so we ' ll be taking the permission and we will be what we ' ll be doing we ' ll be using all manual method we they will be giving us all the permission to conduct attack and to check for unknown software have you heard about bug bomb T yeah what do they do they ' ll not leave a single bug right so why actually they go for bug bomb Tents you know you ' re team they ' re gonna hire some you know penetration testers and bug bomb T ' s right why not because see your volume T analyst he using an automated tool he ' s fetching out the known software vulnerabilities how about penetration tester before our outsider hacker can attack to our organization we will our self attack to our organization and we will tell them if I am able to attack then outside a hacker can also attack right the cyber criminal like that understanding so we will be going with all the penetration testing tools and along with the automatic method we ' ll also go with manually manually we will attack will conduct so many attacks and we ' ll try to fetch out you know bugs and unknown software vulnerabilities understanding getting some idea or I ' m going so technically no okay so you want me to go slow or this is fine fine fine so then yeah as I told you say under vulnerability analysis also we ' ll do it then we have system hacking guys any idea on system hacking who has unlocked the system BTEC you have done no have the 13 on unlocking okay just using a bootable drive we can unlock the system guys okay so we ' ll be knowing each and everything what is Sam file what is you deal man not a c file what what actually we have there Sam file what is that whatever your user proc accounts password windows user credentials password everything will be you know stored there in the Sam file in an encrypted way how to decrypt that okay so just see here they ' ll be giving us the laptop right so they ' ll ask us they ' ll have forgot the password your boss can assign you the task right please unlock it unlock the system how you going to you should always carry the bootable drive okay there will be 4 to 5 commands we can easily unlock the system we ' ll be learning here that how to actually boot it with software you need to use to boot your drive and just using a bootable drive how you can okay and under cally index also with the help of metasploit framework how actually to create exploits payloads to access somebody system without their knowledge the system will be here your colleague will be here okay so you will be creating a payloads in such a way that if you give your the shutdown part his system will be shut down that understanding yes so we have a fatrat tool using that we ' ll teach you that okay so as I told you guys along with the theoretical concepts you need to play with intelligent tools there will be assessments if you know one concept if it is dealing with 78 tools five if we are teaching you should be ready to focus on another three okay I need your 30 minutes or one hour dedication every day after going from your you know after visiting your peachy or your home try to open the pages whatever we have done try to enhance the tools then only you ' ll come below understanding system hacking is done next we have malware interesting what happens if malware what is malware very good malicious software right what comes in malware guys how many types we have why is warms very good origins and then back doors yeah root kits and then ransomware heal august very good then what let ' s and then only this much yeah what else we have spy base adways so what ' s happening individual concept you will be learning what is virus if these all malware what different why with the different names yeah they ' re working mechanism they ' re working agenda is different why is it so human dependent it meera help it means some files and program to replicate what about warm human independent guys it ' s self - replicating one okay how many warm makers we have how many construction kits we have to create viruses you need to know his methodology right how actually it tries to create viruses yeah with the help of what you know which construction kits yeah so you ' ll be learning these things you ' ll be focusing on attacking tools as well as security tool let ' s say I ' ll show you my the sandwich for okay I want to use a one of the best anti - malware tool which I can use to analyze suspicious links but if you want to focus on iowa security android antivirus if you want to remove malware within a seconds if you want to completely scan virus and remove you can go with malware bytes security tool iPhone users so the big people they can go with IBM not in security guard but yeah you ' ll be learning that in mobile hacking it comes up in malware s is comes up okay so in malware guys first thing is you ' ll come to know how actually he tries to install back doors what are back doors what is the root kit why it ' s a bap of virus head of the family okay along with if he ' s using a root kit okay not only is affecting on our on our software application even our mother board ship hardware but you know it ' s gonna go okay it gonna he gonna destroy that everything in detail you ' ll be getting yes this is all malware but they ' re working agenda is different and after analyzing that after he uses that the impact is different understanding individually we ' ll be learning everything okay along with the practical part clear okay what else we have okay seventh model is that eighth sniffing we have right shall we see what is sniffing see focus we have user one year we have user to right if they both are communicating through internet what happens data transmission guys or just can say packet transmission right guys yeah if we both are communicating what happens right through internet there will be a packet transmission right attacker what he tries to do he tries to capture this package guys he he always try to intercept this communication between two users he always try to interfere between them right why is he kept why is it behind this packet because your information has been encapsulated with what packet right he ' ll try to capture this package further he ' ll try to decode the information yeah this capturing process what we say sniffing man in the middle attack you say something Achilin okay this capturing process we say they used to tell you or I don ' t connect to free Wi - Fi networks they can be attacked yeah please don ' t enable your Bluetooth also there can be a Bluetooth hijacking attacks there are five types of Bluetooth hijacking attacks he ' s directly turning on yeah there is a you know so many types of attacks guys okay so here this is what the capturing process we say as the finger attack or you just can say man in the middle attack guys okay so what happens here why through hub he can easily conduct this sniffing attack why not from switch why not with the help of switch why happens a brainless device why switch is the intelligent device there is so much why why why why right once you go through this module you ' re going to get a solution understanding so one of the best tool you ' ll be learning under Kalian and access by shop sniffing through okay okay okay just simple I want to ask you guys let ' s say here I am myself I ' m here okay one of the employee I have here we both are some you know get some sensitive information is getting transferred between us he ' ll try to intercept yeah he ' ll try to capture packets and he ' s almost reading our information he has decoded it what is a solution one word solution what comes to your mind how will you being an ethical hacker how will you mitigate this attack how you want to mitigate this attack yeah what do you feel yes Ankita Shiva Sagar or shall be I don ' t know how many of them are okay any idea guys how to mitigate this attack how will stop it what are prerequisites we need to think of you said very good encryption right if you ' re interpreting this package if it ' s capturing us it ' s not worth right yeah we need to focus on what data encryption guys right understanding okay let me just help you out scenario let me give you let ' s say I ' m in bus yeah I ' m traveling almost for three to four hours to my native let ' s say there ' ll be a analyst system in the bus side right I we can keep their backs and all right so I have kept my laptop that too I have kept my office laptop let ' s say okay guys they say that see flat - off bus it ' s okay no issue whatever that critical information sensitive information related to my organization that should not get leaked out right what are the prerequisites things I can just you know use to you know install what are the two intelligence tools I can you know install I can use in order to focus not to secure my critical information related to my organization they say that laptop bus it ' s okay see guys what say he ' ll steal my laptop yeah well when I was sleeping let ' s say he has steal it half the stealing he can be a script kiddie who ' s script kiddies they should watch YouTube videos and you know some they ' ll be running some scripts and they themselves they ' ll pretend as they ' re ethical hacker but they ' ll be not okay so by watching those videos let ' s say he has learned system hacking and he has unlocked me laptop after unlocking my laptop he should be you know the whatever the critical information it should not get leaked out he should be not able to check my files you know folders my dry my mails can mail content each and everything those parts should not get leaked out which intelligence tool you would like to suggest me again which technique comes up here encryption right but which encryption I ' m talking about any idea I need to focus on disk encryption volume encryption yeah and file encryption email encryption also I need some technique where I can hide my files and folders steganography right I need to use both cryptography and steganography part right guys so what is cryptography the best technique to code information that means to secure our information same with steganography my amtic project was two projects where they ' re in engineering it ' s a mini project ghost detecting meter and the major project is this the worst to ganography I took a sensory information I hide it in some Taj Mahal image that ' s the ego image again I did in some video commentary video if hacker he tries to you know decode that what he ' s checked that image right why I have taken image you can take a podium also these images consists of pixels yeah in that lowest let ' s be a section my information will be stored how can he check he can ' t retrieve data right yeah so you ' ll be learning these things here what is steganography what is hiding methodology what is cryptography everything in detail okay so if I install some good software I ' ll tell you with software let ' s say some encryption software okay which focuses on email encryption file encryption folder you know volume encryption disk encryption he can ' t even ditch he literally can ' t even see my files folders and he can ' t even have the access to you know check the volume right everything has been encrypted so after unlocking with so much of energy he ' ll be not able to check my files and folders right guys so he ' ll be learning about encryption their methodology which is the best encryption any idea yes very good yes till now you have not seen a single attack in that okay what ' s the publication used to give us no what ' s the cause messages everything I ' m private with yes algorithm really really can ' t attack what ' s the application yeah yes they say why because if you are downloading some third - party application your sim calls will be recorded not what ' s up calls but don ' t think that what ' s up application can ' t be attacked can ' t be hijacked we can understanding yeah so hope you ' re enjoying the model yes no maybe may not be okay so okay can you have a 10 minutes of break and we can continue so I have told you these things right introduction foot printing scanning innovation volume of the system acting malware stuffing so now we ' ll try to discuss what all the things we ' re gonna study here okay so these are the models we ' re gonna cover after that AI expert many we have so many panelists as I told you we ' re gonna cover penetration testing ads on session again AI will be there okay so just have a break for 10 minutes guys and then I ' ll again continue okay okay okay is it fine any doubts there saga rankita no man thank you so much I think we are back from the break yes man here man yeah okay awesome so I think you don ' t have doubts let me share the complete screen here so we almost covered till sniffing right yeah so ninth model we ' re gonna discuss on social engineering attacks yeah what is social engineering attack what is a fishing attack the main example if they ask you about social engineering attack is fishing right guys so you ' ll be knowing all the methodologists which comes at a social engineering attacks dumpster diving right shoulder stuffing is dropping along with that you need to know how actually he creates fishing pages right with the ability can create a fishing page using which tool a city kit yes which is under Kalilinux and also if your boss can assign your task so he may he may getting grand of you know frequently spam emails right let ' s say he is getting the same as as well as well as the spam emails how will you help him in differentiating the legitimate themers as well as the fishing emails you need to know right yeah so you ' ll be helping with tool with proper premium levels of subscription we have fish tank tool where it helps us in differentiating the legitimate emails and fishing emails okay so same way we have check fish virus total to analyze I mean you know suspicious links malicious link so we ' ll be dealing with intelligence tools okay so along with this you ' ll also you ' ll try to learn how to clone a site okay how actually he tries to create fishing pages how actually he tries to create payloads everything in detail okay how actually he tries to capture your you know how actually he tries to conduct session hijack everything in detail comes up okay in social engineering attacks and we have yes Dawson duck so Dawson tag guys denial of service attack right the main goal of an attacker is to crack crash freeze we just can say destabilize yeah he tries to crash the server or freeze the server and destabilize okay the main goal what he tries to do let ' s say you ' re we have an attacker right you ' re we have what some target to mine some target server let ' s say we do server or something he can take money from opponent yeah so they may have given a huge amount what he tries to do he tries to flood with malicious traffic yeah see if he ' s using a single system or two three systems let ' s say it ' s he ' s trying to conduct Dawson if he ' s trying to use botnets what are botnets group of large number of they will be a large setup okay so there will be a large number of group of zombie machines what are zombie machines if my laptop it is getting infected with virus if hacker is controlling my systems a zombie machine understanding so he ' ll try to you know create a large setup of zombie machines let ' s say there will be a 70 plus of zombie machines along with the botnets with the help of botnets if he ' s trying to flood the malicious traffic crashing the server it ' s a deed or satire distributed or satire so when practical part comes up you will be learning how actually you need to flood how actually he tries to flood the server Hp3 tool just one line command we have how actually flooding happens everything you can you know rectify that so can I give you one more example which I experienced in my batch what happened is let ' s say I was taking a batch and I was handling the session there were 22 30 plus candidates were there one student with iPhone he said that have you can ' t conduct Dawson attack to my phone okay so yeah iPhone user no full ego full attitude yeah what we did we use one tool which I gave you the homework today wing tool yeah so he was connected to my skill logic router even I am connected there right I can cross - check his ip mac bs s id s s id and the open ports you know with respect to his phone so I crossed checked everything using the spring tool and my command was ready I almost I showed uh you know Hp3 tool command I told I suggested them to use this okay I told them I almost built four teams okay guys you have to flood the malicious stuff to that particular victim so for us now he ' s a victim okay and each challenge does right we accepted that and we started flooding with you know because we know his port open port we know his ip mac everything what happened another or two hours he was not able to access internet finally he came to me mom I ' m not able to access internet I ' m not able to use any application in the phone so stop the flood so we almost stop flooding so it happened actually okay so same way guys you will be as I told you we ' ll focus on attacking techniques yeah here under Kalianak ' s he tries to use Hp3 to flood a server same way under Windows platform he can use xyc lvoic hyc so many doors attacking tools we have okay how about mitigation being an ethical hacker yeah during interview or after you once you visit the company once you are an employee that right right your colleague or your senior officer he can ask you so somebody can anytime crash or server right they can attack to our server they can crash or server how will you mitigate that what we need to how how will you stop this door set up what are the prerequisites we need to do in the idea which one the other negation than to then to he will be crashing it how will you stop door set attack yeah okay then load balancing always a domain should implement this load balancing technique Amazon you just can check under Kalianak ' s data ' s load balancing so what from previous year I ' m not finding Amazon server is getting slowed up but during big billion days have you observed this to give us the offer for one rupee and all like this just to slow down very badly but now they does load balancing guys okay we they try to implement load balance detectors what happens traffic will be distributed you know in respective virtual private service okay so what is the difference between a shared hosting server and a virtual private server yeah let ' s say this is shared hosting one this is virtual private server if I want to host my own company websites like skill logic data might skill for only my company websites will be hosted from this dedicated server here all other companies shared hosting no other companies websites will also be hosted in this server only which is good which is safer dedicated server only right have you have you are dedicated server host your company websites don ' t just mingle with other company websites we can mitigate so many types of attacking risk yeah yeah so same way always they can ask you a question okay how will you mitigate most of that acts how will you protect your organization firewall being a networking device being a network security device it ' s gonna yes guys it ' s a barrier device between a trusted zone and a trusted zone yes it ' s gonna filter all the incoming and outgoing traffic but it ' s not mitigating it ' s not helping us in preventing the attack okay it ' s failing it can ' t identify inside an attacker it can ' t detect new anomaly new virus so what what we need to have to mitigate most of the attacks and to protect our organization modern web application firewalls along with this individual detection system intuition prevention system what actually a honeypot is why we need honeypot why this idea syPS how actually they do deep level filtering everything in detail will be studying here clear getting some idea yeah so see there is a standard there is a receiver right data is getting transferred guys always try to remember only data is not getting transferred from standard to receiver we have TCP header also so traditional firewalls previous five was you should check any malicious packet whatever they want to analyze they ' ll be checking this part TCP header part if data is infected who ' s going to do the deep level filtering right we need something to do deep level filtering so what in a metro and airport I can give you an example what happens there this cannot body after that they use to ask us to keep our backs in the handler system right if I ' m carrying a single gram of gold also it detects he ' s she ' s going to tell me in the zip you are carrying some gold or you know some metallic just in that particular zip open and shows right what is happening that deep level filtering here they just can scan right understanding the difference between firewall ideas IPS so in detail you ' ll be learning this how actually he tries to evade firewall instead of using firewall how can he just bypass firewall why what is the necessity of ideas IPS how he can even evade ideas okay so the main solution now we need any traffic which is malicious it has to be discarded right guys we should not allow it to enter our trusted zone IPS is the best one it detects new anomaly source okay so Cisco company just now recently they implemented what wireless IPS whole wireless section of Cisco company what it could I jacked yeah before two months so they are using now wireless IPS to discard the traffic there and there if it is analyzing you know it can analyze as a malicious there and there we can discard it understanding so same way you ' ll be learning about hacking web so was hacking web applications firewalls see I was talking about DOS attack right yes in this way mitigation techniques how actually he tries to attack how to stop that attack which tool we can use I told you ideas IPS is good along with the modern law and load balancing technique is good right along with that there is a tool called anti - deed or security guard okay if you install that sock team they used to hire sock analysts and sim analysts why do they hire them they ' ll be analyzing the traffic in real time guys okay all the firewall alerts log events everything they ' ll be getting out if anything is malicious if pattern is getting changed they ' ll come to know understanding so we ' ll be covering up these things session hijacking okay let me give you all this session hijacking to tell me how it happens let ' s say I ' m here at my office okay yeah hacker he ' s not in in my network he ' s somewhere here in remote location he ' s not in my company he ' s not in my network he ' s not in my country okay out of India somewhere else in a remote location is let ' s say I ' m logging into my Facebook log through phone I can ' t right there with cameras my manager is taught it me right he ' s to check me right so I can use office laptop I can launch browser I can just use facebook . com and I can launch it let ' s say I have login around 9 . 15 a . m I log out around 9 . 30 a . m within 15 minutes during this session what we call this duration session during this existing session how can a attacker can hijack my Facebook now it is it ' s happening right our Instagram Facebook link in accounts everything is getting hijacked so I am talking here about application level session hijacking even we do have network level session hijacking user one user to we are in the same network then to he ' ll try to intercept he ' ll try to kill the connection between two users he ' ll try to sniff the network yeah and then he ' ll try to kill the connection he ' ll try to monitor the packet flow and himself he ' ll predict as another user and he ' ll try connecting it it ' s happens how actually session hijacking happens what is the attacking technique hacker tries to use here okay whether it ' s a brute force method if it ' s a brute force attack what is brute force attack if it ' s a cross script attack what is a cross script attack at cross site script attack everything in detail you ' ll be learning we ' ll be getting all the answers to this guys in the session hijacking model people say the OTPs cannot be bypassed really two minutes he can bypass our OTPs we need to know right how actually is capturing a respective request how actually is bypassing our OTPs in detail we ' ll be learning along with the tool here okay so it ' s one of the best session hijacking tool we used to learn we we can enhance verb suit okay how actually he tries to capture a HTTP request everything in detail will be learned okay okay then what we have yes I told you about firewalls right yes ideas ideas firewalls honey pods okay everything techniques how actually it tries to bypass everything in detail we ' ll be learning here and web server so web application how nowadays he ' s trying to compromise web server so many types of attacks we have right cross site forgery cross site script attack yeah cookie hijacking right yeah he can capture session ideas ideas and he can hijack cookies what are cookies biscuits cookies no no so what are those all the respective information will be saved there whatever I ' m connecting with the web application as well as my web browser right the related information everything so what they show you recommendation right if you ' re keeping on if you ' re keeping watching your cyber security videos keep on watching that it used to show you that recommended only how come they know that you ' re interested in cyber security all all the respective information is getting stored in the cookies he ' ll try to hijack those cookies also to retrieve the sensitive information from your server and from your system in detail how actually he captures life cookies everything we ' ll try to check here okay and how actually it tries to compromise web server okay how actually it tries to crash that we ' ll try to compromise that in detail SQL injection attack guys I ' m telling you from that time he can focus on our network he can completely try to attack the network infrastructure system server but however SQL injection attack 15th model what ' s happening here in this 15th model SQL injection attack he ' ll almost try to control your database he can use malicious SQL statements and he can get into the admin panel of your application what is SQL what is SQL injection attack oh no how many types of SQL injection attacks we have how actually he tries to control our you know organization database in detail you ' ll be learning here okay and we have hacking wireless networks favorite module of all the students yeah so after this module you know we ourselves will be not able to connect to the wifi it ' s like in access control this is shows almost 70 to 80 phones have been connected everybody is blaming me Fatima mom after your wifi hacking class everybody is connected to the wifi you know yeah so hacking wireless networks yes we teach you what is wifi hacking or which technique is going to use to hack wireless networks and only that which is the best wireless security protocols we have okay so everything in detail whether WPA2 is good WPA3 what is the difference in detail you ' ll be learning along with that here I ' ll add due to the tax okay how many types of due to the tax we have what are the tools he is going to use to attack your due to the legal systems in detail will be you know will be covering theory as well as particle and here hacking mobile platforms yes this is I know a little interesting you ' ll be learning yeah a killing a killing is like mom yeah it ' s full interest so here you ' ll try to understand about rooting okay and you ' ll try to understand the process of jail breaking guys if it comes to your android we say rooting when it comes to your iPhone jail breaking right what is the difference like you know what is actually a jail breaking is and rooting is if he is trying to jail break that means he ' s trying to remove some software restrictions same way let ' s say my android for years if he ' s trying to this phone what happens I ' m having all the permissions no right who ' s having all the permission whoever manufactures was manufactured it right so once he roots my phone he ' ll be getting all the permission that means he has removed almost all the restrictions that right so we ' re using which tool attacking tool technique he ' ll be using to root phone and attacker mobile and then however that iPhone Mac devices even how can they conduct jail breaking using which tool how to mitigate that which software with software security tools we can use to mitigate that attacks everything in detail comes up in your mobile hacking section okay what else we have I vote he hacking simple right nowadays yes everybody is going to use variable smartwatch variable device so there will be industrial control system also guys people think through projectors they can ' t attack your network they can through a single i vote device and a single okay industrial control system he can attack your whole network infrastructure how how many types of i would be attacks we have how actually he can you know unlock the car how actually is breaking access control management system everything you ' ll be learning here in i vote he havent okay yes flipper 0 2 yes it ' s available in amazon also no yes me study about that how actually he tries to break that everything yes and then we have cloud computing right guys so let ' s say I am taking mine selfie today for a five or four so sometimes yes two can come good like three photos I ' ll be deleting it right so where the data is getting stored cloud what is cloud simple but remote servers whatever the data pick whatever it is guys are our data saved there in those cloud 13 to 15 types of cloud attacks we have he can see our data sensitive information is it is not even safe there in the cloud based platforms so you will be learning all the what cloud related attacks and what is cloud security being a cloud engineer or being a cloud security specialist how you need to mitigate those attacks in detail we have a exposition you will be doing that okay along with the tools practical again and cryptography two things you need to understand the cryptography what is that one of the best technique to protect the information right coding information we deal with two things encryption decryption right encryption you know conversion of plain text to cyber text decryption converting cyber text to plain text it ' s a definition guys but you need to know which tool which best software we can have the good features file encryption I need file encryption I didn ' t email encryption I am out of focus on disk volume all the types of encryption right guys and I also need to enhance the algorithms why not DS why is why it is vulnerable to so many types of attacks why they came up to 3DS why now we have stuck with the AS yeah it ' s key size but everything they ' re gonna ask you remember if they ask which is the best cryptographic symmetrical algorithm it ' s a yes advanced encryption standard till now we have not seen a single attack under that even what ' s the publication follows that yes algorithm and standing along with that what is hash hash why we need to use that whatever you give variable input we ' re gonna get a fixed output why we need hashing to generate stronger passwords to buffer our do assulting what why we need what are the applications of hashing which truly we ' re gonna use to hash everything will be covering in cryptography since I have done my project under dual steganography will take the topic of steganography also and will be explaining along with this will be even including penitential testing I as I told you 40 % of penitential testing will be included and here I part will be included okay I think you ' ve got an idea on syllabus now yes what we ' re gonna cover yes I ' m going to help you with one more thing as I told you we ' re gonna create a drive okay every day if I ' m completing module one today I ' ll be uploading the module one once guys as you know none of the trainers they ' re gonna share that equity right why am I sharing I want you to understand cyber security in a very easiest way okay I want you to you know secure that international certification one steering is done getting is getting it guys yeah so what I used to share you both the notes PDF as well as ppt ppt there will be key points so that you know you know easiest way you can understand what actually we used to discuss in detail notes if you want to go in detail yes and if you want a ambiguous related to you know if you want to crack international certification we provide that also okay along with that if you need some screenshots of the outputs practical part you yourself can create ppt or else I ' ll be sharing the practical notes also networking notes all the notes and sometimes the tool ma ma I ' m finding difficulty in installing gubsore or some tool we ' ll upload the two we ' ll upload the video of those particular okay it is can you know there will be a tutor session it ' ll be practicing all the tools let ' s say in one week I can cover 20 to 25 tools right so if you want a tutor session we can have whole week tutor session Monday to Thursday every day you can practice here tutor will be sitting out here okay you can call him up sir I ' m practicing Yashak why am I ' m able to check the traffic you know I ' m you know Yashak is not working please help me bobsore I ' m unable to download bobsore why so what actually bobsore used to you know I forgot why I actually be used that you can clear your doubts during the tutor session clear sometimes why if I can you can crack within a in one atom sometimes it takes to what I ' m right handshake never gonna happen why there can be a command mistake there can be a spelling mistake right if a single command also you ' re missing we can ' t crack take your time guys since you are beginner since you are fresh you ' re I don ' t feel any working professional we have here no right go slow yeah we ' ll go slow I ' m still be finishing clear we have driveling axis so we ' ll make you install Carlisle Linux the prerequisites I would suggest just please install VMWare have Carlisle in that I have done a dual mode if you come on to do with that also it ' s fine or else you just have VMWare don ' t use virtual machine it ' s good to have a VMWare and then install Carlisle and then this is what I needed so I ' ll be connecting your email ideas and the address should try to write your email address properly so that I can give you a driveling axis okay so from tomorrow I ' ll be uploading all the notes and the working notes everything no problem yes so we ' ll be uploading all the notes there yeah and then recording access will be there guys okay since it ' s a blended batch sometimes you ' re gonna miss or sometimes what happens you need some revision right yeah so you can revise yourself by going to the recording second there will be a recording access you can have a board with your relationship manager so you know just need to register under the learning portal they ' ll be giving you the alarm of success recording access will be there doubt clearing sessions will be there there will be a total session so maximum to complete this whole training as I told you it depends three months to four months fifth month you ' ll be entering here and will be focusing into indenture plus project phase guys are CEO sir he ' s a co - founder of digit difference company which is in US so what actually the cyber security proficiency is working there so that project will be handled by you real - time projects two projects I need here in the fifth month so you ' ll be focusing there will be a learning internship you ' ll be revising all the tools and you ' ll be selecting two projects and you ' ll be working with the project next active assistance is there they ' re gonna guide you on Joe they ' re gonna guide you sorry on job assistance okay there ' s no job assurance so we are you know we ' re gonna teach you in detail right you ' re gonna train we are training you so with the dedication you have to learn right so with the doubt clearing sessions recording access will be there PPTPDS will be shared everything it ' s now in your hand yeah to showcase your technical skills please improve your technical skills and you have to clear all the mock interviews they ' ll be allotting you four to five mock interviews so now it ' s your turn to crack this and your profile should be forwarded to analysis clear so this is how the flow goes once the training is done course completion certificate will be given to you project internship and project certificate will be given to you Indian uses you ' re gonna get central government certificate NASCOM okay and since we have included EI you ' re gonna get IIFI certificate okay the main thing is four certificates will be given to you after that you take your time I don ' t want you to take up international exam so soon there ' s it ' s $ 500 okay you can even if you want to have take up you can take up watch your code also there will be a discount in the you know just have a word with your relationship manager they ' ll help you out I want you to write this NASCOM exam guys there will be there should be a proper internet and system compatibility they should check you you know whether you ' re treating or what they maintain like you know international way so if you ' re turning on turning on your like they will go to cancel the exam if you ' re cracking this NASCOM yes will be eligible to take up the international exam so what is just a 600 dollar piece they only give you a link your NASCOM you can try first NASCOM exam and then go for international certification or it ' s $ 500 it ' s around when I wrote it was 38 K 88 to 40 K but now it ' s you know more than 45 K why you want to waste your money first try NASCOM exam and then you can okay so yes along with the sessions there will be a mock test mock assessment test so online people yes we can ' t do anything since they are from Pune and all but offline what do I do I used to yeah here I ' ll become a strict one because I want your phones and laptops no not laptops books to be you need to keep your and you need to audit okay because I want to check where actually your improvements everything I ' ll be checking right so there will be a strict mock test once after five or six models clear so this we can follow sometimes if time never moments we can have online also clear almost I explain everything anything else any doubts you have guys Ankita you have any doubts yes Sagar thank you Ankita this Sagar yeah I have a doubt no doubt the clarification yeah so you are the conducting whole course right from the start to beginning okay yeah because I ' m helping with those scope projects and even I ' m conducting seminars workshops so you know yeah if the time permits I ' ll be in what to do now sometimes we need to rush to other regions also so what there will be change of what trainers but if you ' re in my company recording yes you can have a word with relationship manager they ' ll be giving you a complete recording of previous mind nothing in mail something they mentioned that mr . Ashokveda so just want to ask contact yes our CEO sir he has done a PhD on AI for cyber security so he ' s going to take up the AI part okay and there are about the curriculum I have some document with me and it is over the mention that there are the five parts in that the cyber security foundation ethical hacking associates cyber security professional level one and level two yes so those all are conducted by you only or there are the different different mentors for those there will be change of trainers okay sometimes if I am handling foundation you ' re gonna get level one other tutorial then I ' ll be jumping for the level two and AI sometimes with other tutorial like that there will be change of trainers for you know different levels okay okay got it and it will be conducted for four days now like Monday Tuesday when yesterday yes Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday weekday sessions since you have joined as a blended weekend 1130 we can like Friday Saturday Sunday there will be off guys we ' ll be giving you our assessments so you just have to do the assessment so for practice so it ' s like you know usually we used to have Monday to Friday but students they requested us at least we need three days of time to practice the whole thing you know yeah yeah so what from Friday Saturday Sunday three days of Monday to Thursday we can continue the classes okay so by going through this time lines it will supposed to end up by the two months or it will take a more than that maximum we need three months three to four months yeah because it depends on the grasping power because since we have freshers here as offline participants you know so they might need a two - door session after level one so at least I need three to four months but maximum yes we can try covering up in three months okay got it yeah thank you so much Sagar yeah that ' s all yeah okay thank you Ankita anything else now monkeys fine sure you guys can help me with your email ideas guys so that I can you know help you with the driveling classes yeah so often participants ready to learn to ever say different tomorrow guys don ' t worry not going to take it only yeah so how you felt yeah interesting topics are interesting shall we start from tomorrow yeah so yes from this scratch we ' re gonna start from tomorrow yes as I told you this week complete foundation try to install Kalilux if you ' re not if you ' re finding difficulty also don ' t worry I ' ll be uploading video in the drive okay just can have a look and you can follow the video but yes I ' ll ask to do to help you in installing don ' t worry for that clear yes can we end a session now no doubts right okay so if you have doubts also tomorrow yes I ' ll be available you can okay yeah thank you so much guys yeah we ' ll meet tomorrow thank you thank you thank you bye