 Hi everyone, so the next technique is SNMP enemoration. So first let us try to understand what is SNMP here. Let us see first about SNMP. So here SNMP is nothing but simple network management protocol. Simple network management protocol. So here it is one of the standard internet protocol here. You can say internet standard protocol. It is the one which is collecting as well as organizing information, okay. Collecting organizing information here about the network devices or you can say a managed devices here, okay, on IP networks. So I can take the example here. Let us say this is our company, okay company A, B, C, anything you can consider. So let us say this is the network infrastructure of this company. So in this network infrastructure we can have further router, we can have firewalls, ideas, IPs, we can have printers, staps, phones, hub, switches, honeypots, so many things under this network, right. So we have plenty of things here, yeah, sometimes what happens? So the request comes from honeypot, here from hub, you know, from other other devices to router. So router, so it is capacity, there will be some compression capacity of router, okay, up to the limit it can respond, right. So if simultaneously it is getting requests from each and every devices, the router gets into, it gets into heart state, okay. That means congestion mode, because too many requests from too many devices simultaneously at one time the router will be not, router will not able to respond it, yeah. So what happens is, router is finally now into heart state or it is in congestion mode. In this case the network admin going to seek the help of SNMP, because SNMP it is the one which checks the complete performance of each and every devices in the network. It is, we use this for auditing all the respective devices here. It is the one which collects all the information of the network over here and especially this SNMP, even it helps us to know about unauthorized logins and even he helps us to get to know about trapped messages of the network, okay. So further I would also like to tell you, here let us see, let us consider SNMP. There are further consists of three things, SNMP manager, MIB management information base and SNMP agents. So if anything wrong, okay, I will just try to show you in the slides about these parts. So yeah, SNMP enumeration here, we discuss what is SNMP, yeah and now let us know what is SNMP enumeration. So here the process of enumerating user accounts and devices on the target system. As I told you, it consists of three things, SNMP manager, SNMP agent as well as MIB management information base, okay. I would like to show you this diagram, see, whatever happens, anything wrong in this devices, it you know, it gets notified to network administrator, right. So network administrator used to seek help from SNMP manager, SNMP manager, it used to send SNMP agents here. SNMP agent is nothing but a software part, here SNMP manager is both hardware and software, okay. This SNMP agent further goes, you know, the software gets embedded to each and every devices and fetch all the respective specific information from each and every devices and further their queries further going to store here in the middle part, MIB, okay. So SNMP agent reaches here, embeds in each and every other devices and let us say as we take an example of router it embeds here, checks his compression capacity, checks everything, why it is not responding, why it came to Hall State, why it is still in congestion mode, why it is not working properly, each and every functionality SNMP agent is going to verify and investigate and comes back to SNMP manager, tells everything regarding the functionality of router, everything and finally SNMP manager rectifies and prepare, finally it will be preparing the solution that there will be a need of one more router and this solution further it discusses network, it will convince that, okay. So what overall SNMP here plays a very prominent role in three things because it checks a complete okay, performances of every devices it does auditing there of each devices and it also collects us all the information of the network over here and it helps us in knowing the unauthorized logings and trap messages of the network. So this is the very important section, see SNMP enumeration is nothing but the process of enumerating user accounts and devices on the target using SNMP, yes it consists of manager and agency agents they get embedded here, okay and collects all the information. So very important thing says they hold two passwords, read community string, read or write community string. So under read community string, see it is a public body fault which allows you know the view of device. So what what happens is, attackers uses these default community strings, okay. And in order to extract information about a device here. So what, it is very much risky sometimes, okay, because SNMP holds almost all the information. So even it holds almost all the editing section also. So further by extracting and using these strings, attacker can extract information about a device even sometimes they edit upon configuration also they change some configuration under devices and overall using this SNMP enumeration technique they overall sometimes attack the whole network here, okay. So here we have in detail explanation about strings and this is what the tool we use, next scan tool pro in how to extract and check the default settings here, okay. So this is the end of SNMP enumeration, thank you.