 Let's start the session hijacking. So session hijacking is a technique used by hackers to gain access for their online accounts. They can hijack social media applications. So he can access to a target computer as well as the online account. So we'll have a flow here. We'll go to a note and we'll check how it is. So main thing when it comes to session hijacking. There are two things. Application level and network level. So I'll tell you first thing is our application level. In this session hijacking what happens? I'll write a short form for session hijacking as sh. So here I'll be there. Let's say user one. So as I've given you an example, I'll be at office, the user here. And here I'll be connecting with the FB server. So I'm a user at office. I'm using my social media application here. But so if I am logging in around 11 a.m. Yeah, if I am logging out again, log out around 11 30 a.m. So the duration we say as a session during this existing session, what happens is hacker or attacker he tries to hijacks my social media application. How he tries to hijack? This is a very big question because now it is whatever you use, you're linked in your, you know, your any social media application, your Instagram, maybe your Facebook, Messenger, you know, everything is getting hijacked. So main motto of an attacker is to hijack your social media application to steal your important credential information, to steal your sensitive information like that. So the main steps what he used to take. First step, he will be considering the fishing page. Any web page, first he tries to footprint, first he tries to conduct a recurrences. That means he tries to gather information about this user. It's interest, his interest like whether I'm interested in cyber security, whether my activities may have is everything he'll try to do foot printing. That means he tries to gather information about a target. Okay, once he knows the interest activities, all the respective information regarding the target, he'll build a web page. Okay, so in this page, he'll try to insert malicious java scripts. He'll try to insert malicious java scripts here. Yeah, so this page becomes a infected page now. So finally, he'll try to create a malicious link. We need to remember one thing. If he is considering some web page and if he is trying to affect page he'll be taking he'll be inserting malicious java scripts. Okay, then it becomes your infected page or finally he's ready with a malicious link. So if he is inserting to your website are malicious java scripts, then he is influenced by cross-site script data. In this cross-site script data, he always try to insert malicious java scripts to our respective web page of that website. Okay, so he'll be influencing with the cross-site script data and finally he tries to hijack. So step one in the session hijacking, he'll try to gather information about the target, get gather information about the target step two, he'll be ready with the infected malicious link. Okay, so he'll be ready with the infected malicious link. So already I told you by inserting malicious java scripts. So step three, he'll try to search for a domain. He'll try to search for a domain. How to transfer that? Okay, so as I told you let's come back to this, let's say patina or any user. Okay, let's consider this and here I have a server. Let's say if we serve what you're okay. So when I try to login, I login around 11 a.m. I mean I'm chatting with my friends, I'm connected with the server. In this existing session, what happens? When he tries to develop malicious java scripts, he'll try to have his own commands. He may insert anything, like he will focus on my networking also. Whenever the user starts networking, you activate. Yes, malicious javascripts gets activated. Whenever Facebook gets activated, whenever the user tries to connect to Facebook, you activate. Whatever the command, whatever the command has been given to malicious javascripts, he tries to do. Okay, yes, he obeys attacker here. Whatever rules he gives, then he follows that. Who malicious javascripts? Now he has inserted here the malicious javascripts, saying that whenever the user connects to FB server, you activate. You get activated. So what happens? So he can use my Gmail. He can use outglue Yahoo, any domain and he will prepare a very attracted email. Yeah, if I'm interested in cyber security field, he'll try to prepare a very attracted subject, you know, subject with the adopted subject here. Try to prepare a mail attaching malicious link in that. In front end, I launch that and I'll be checking for, you know, if we have any certifications or any offer later, I'll be checking with the job part. But right, but a back end, what is happening? The malicious javascripts will be start running. Okay, once they run, they get stored under your browser and they infect your browser here. Step five, finally, your browser is infected with what infected with malicious javascript. Finally, your browser is infected. Okay, now. So once I logged into our server, nothing happened because my browser was good. I logged in, I logged out. But in this case, now my browser has been infected with the malicious javascripts. And attacker has said the malicious javascripts that when this user logged into Facebook, attacker, hijacker, what happens guys? So usually, generally, I'll tell you what happens is one moment. If you are a user, let's say user one, okay, generally, if we connect to a Netflix server or Facebook server, any server if we connect, okay, so this browser here will be a local data storage. Eldias will be there. So if I'm logging into Facebook around 11, okay, with whom I'm chatting for what stories I'm browsing, how many minutes I took to browse this story, how many minutes I use the Facebook, everything will be stored under your browser local data storage. Okay, so this is the general scenario. Okay, so what happens is the original scenario, I'll tell you. Now finally, so now understand my browser has been infected. Yeah, I have a infected browser. Without my knowledge, attacker has infected my browser with the help of malicious javascripts. Now here I have user, okay, I'll try to log in to Facebook server, let's say here. When I'm logging in around 11 a.m. what happens? This malicious javascripts which has stored and infected my browser, they start running here. It's executed. Start executing here, okay, and they will start collecting local data storage from the browser and they sent to attacker server or mail ID. If he has provided the respective mail ID, he'll transfer it to that or if he is provided with the server name, they'll transfer every local data storage. Actually, it's a temporary one, it has to be deleted. But when I am in an existing session, still it's running, I'm in an existing session, my log word has not done. So whatever the local data storage is there, my session ID, my, you know, whatever the useful information regarding this server, everything will be stored in this LDS. That who malicious javascripts captures this, okay, completely make a copy and send to attacker. He will be having my user name, my password, my session ID, my cookies information, everything he'll be having in the local data storage while my existing session on the Gail hijack. This is what our, this is how we hijack social media application. So whatever they send you in Instagram, let's, you know, change our theme, let's change our color. So let's update Instagram, let's update messenger. You have a new update, if they give any link to change your theme to update the apps, please don't do it. There will be a, in that malicious link, there will be a stored malicious javascripts, insert it malicious javascripts that gets your browser stored and it infects your browser. Further, it grabs all your local data storage and it gives the information to attacker. And finally, he hijacks. Here, this way the application session hijacking happens here, okay, so this is the end of application session.