 So today let's study about enumeration and vulnerability analysis. Let's say what is enumeration here today? Yes. So enumeration here it is the third phase of ethical hacking or we can say as a sub phase of scanning networks. So first phase is nothing but foot printing and reconnaissance. Okay, and they are conducted in the internet zone. So third phase or the subset phase of scanning network is our enumeration. Okay. So these enumeration is conducted and inshane tainu dhamma. So let's quickly study on this enumeration. Let me share my note here. Okay. So let us assume attacker and let me assume some target volume. It may be organization, it may be a server. Okay. So here the first phase when an attacker he wants to launch an attack. He first goes for foot printing. Foot printing is nothing but gathering information about the target or about that environment. Okay. So we'll just today go with the overview of enumeration what happens is here. So first phase is foot printing. Second phase is your scanning network. So here you'll be focusing on ports, ports and before you'll be checking what all the services are running in the network target network. So when it comes to enumeration, this is the phase three or subset of the scanning. Okay. So in this enumeration attacker he tries to create active connections with the target system. He tries to perform directed queries here. Okay. So here he tries to perform directed queries in order to gain information about this target. So he actually uses these extracted information to identify a point here. Okay. It may be for system attack or to perform password attacks. So specially this foot printing as well as scanning they are conducted in internet zone. But when it comes to enumeration, it is conducted in intranet zone. That means inside the network. So we'll go through so many techniques of enumeration. We'll go with the if it comes to techniques, let me just help you with that here. When it comes to techniques, we can extract user name using email IDs. Okay. So we have so many email tracking tools. So we can gather user names there IP there are approximate location, everything using this technique using email headers or email tracking tools. So when it comes to brute force active directory, we have one more technique here. Brute force active directory. So here brute force attack is nothing but an attacker. He tries to gain access to your system simply by repeatedly logging in with a variety of passwords until they get the right one. Okay. So let's focus on this slide here. Yes. So here when it comes to enumeration, we know that it has been used. So attacker uses the extracted information, not to identify some points, some attacking points and further to perform system attacks and password attacks. So very important thing is when it comes to classification, yes, we have network use, MMP, simple network management protocol, LDAP, NTP, SMTP. So DNS, so many enumeration are there. Okay. Especially this technique. So as I told you, when it comes to email ID, okay, it's nothing but so using email tracking tool, we can go ahead. Okay. Using email ID tracking tool will be extracting Microsoft documents. We can extract his IP, recipient's IP has approximate physical location. When he opened the mail at what time on which date everything we can extract. Okay. So when it comes to extracting user names using SNMP. So here SNMP is nothing but simple network management protocol. It's an application layer protocol here. Okay. So for monitoring and managing the network devices on a LAN. So we use this SNMP. So using SNMP, how actually he tries to extract will go through with that and using extract user broke firm windows. So he'll be using NBT stack of windows utility. Okay. Come on. When he tries to extract remote machine names using NBT stack here when he tries to extract information using default passports with the help of CA at the dot net. Okay. So we have root force activity also and as I told you, the last technique extract information using DNS zone transfer. So it comes to DNS zone transfer. I would like to explain you about DNS zone transfer. DNS zone transfer. Okay. Sometimes we can quite as a attack also. So how he tries to extract information using DNS zone transfer. So DNS zone transfer. It's nothing but you know, it's a process of copying the contents of the zone file on a primary DNS server to a secondary day DNS server. Okay. So let's focus on that also here. Let me just help you again with this. DNS zone transfer. It's nothing but it is a process of. Let me just help you here once again with the slide. Yes. When it comes to DNS zone transfer. Always try to remember it's a process of copying the contents of zone file. That's nothing but DNS database on a primary DNS server to a secondary DNS server. So this all the popular ports where attacker tries to enumerate. Okay. And we have so many classification. The fastest we have a net by use enumeration. So net by use we have net by your stands for network basic input output system. So this net by use is the one which allows the computer communicate. Come in your computer to communicate over a land does you know it also allows them to share files and printers. So as we know here. So the nbt stat windows utility command place a very prominent role here. Okay. So here even attacker uses a net by use enumeration tools. Not to restore computers list of shares policies and passwords. So here using this nbt stat windows utility command we can fetch the remote machine table. So hence this is the end of enumeration concepts. Let's focus on well know pianos is. Okay. Yes. So what is well know. Well know is nothing but weakness. Okay. So when it comes to well know p it's nothing but weakness. And loophole it may be in system it may be none it work. Okay. So let's quickly check what is well know p the analysis the steps here. So well know p that's nothing but weakness. Yeah. So weakness you can call and then when you are telling you know when you are talking about well know the analysis. It's nothing but finding flaws. Okay. So you are also we see so many faces under one of the analysis main thing is. Well know p is nothing but weakness you can call it as flaws or loophole. Okay. Being an ethical hacker we must cross verify the well know p's we must check whether well know p is in network. It's in specialized system or it's in our ICS. It's in our IOT devices. We have to cross check about this loophole or is any attack can happen to our organization. So we have a faces of this analysis. Okay. First thing is we have scanning face. So then we have examination. Further after examination will go with discovery face. Then identification. Then security measures and weakness. So here is the scanning face you know we check for hosts. So you know we check for the website or all your scan or you can test here. You can check the worst versions. We can check what are the services running in that website complete information. You can find out in the standing piece. So examination pages the one where whatever you have tested you have scanned will cross verify once again. That means we'll examine the these well know piece. Okay, which we have detected under scanning piece whether whatever we have scanned whether it is vulnerable to any attack or what everything will examine once again. Okay. And the discovery face here by using the above well know piece will have to discover few things like you know using this well know T it may get it may trigger for cross site script attack or. It may trigger for a scale injection particular that website whether it is vulnerable for a scale injection attack whether it is vulnerable for cross site script data everything will have to check over here. So when it comes to identification sometimes this face completes under scanning piece so here we identify whether it the well know piece and your infrastructure network infrastructure whether it's in system or in application. Okay, so finally after these faces will move with the security measures and we go for a mediation will find the proper we can us here. Okay, so these are all the faces of well know T analysis we have well know the assessment also. Okay, so well know T analysis is nothing but finding flaws when it comes to well know the assessment. Okay, so well know the assessment is nothing but you the process of okay defining identifying classifying prioritizing the well know this over here okay it may be in the computer system it may be in your application or it may be your network infrastructure. So let us move with our notes here ppd and check over here. Yes, so as I told you weakness or flaws okay so in well know the analysis we check you know for look holes here okay or else we have we must check we must monitor every month it may be a volume peak maybe in our system it may be in our application or it may affect our whole server will let work infrastructure okay. Yes, so we have so many classification so we can see just over you under well know T analysis for the in the coming module we are standing what exactly the classifications everything so the resources of well know the research can be found hack a storm. So, see max and pen the smags in this all the resources of well know the research and yes as I told you well know the assessment so here the assessment it's nothing but security professionals they tries to identify weakness which could be exploited here okay so main thing is in depth examination it may be of system or application here okay. So, this role the two types of approaches can be seen when it comes to one of these scanning active and passive see if an attacker need direct directly with the target when he tries to find well know piece it's actors scanning okay when a doctor tries to find well know piece without directly interacting the target that means using the third party applications then it is a passive part so this role the life cycle will be for the studying about like you know first time. But like you know first base identifying the assets create a baseline that means here you choose your tools to conduct well know T stand okay so which tool is better okay to go with everything creating baseline in the sense we'll plan for the tools okay whether to use automated well know these can tools or manual when second stop it comes as a well know T stand so here will be complete will start our scan okay we check for service versions. We check for physical security their security policies their controls we identify flaws okay and we'll try to generate some report so when it comes to risk assessment here we identified what is the scope of one of the actually their impact on the network or an organization here okay so it check almost the impacts whether a big impact on our organization whether it's creating a small impact with prosperity. But it comes to remediation here we check it's a very important place here the remediation okay because we detect well know the and we try to prevent them being a ethical hacker yes we have to identify and we have to prevent the priority will notice so that they can cause further a huge impact right so here we go for remediation and verification will again verify and ensure that all the well know piece are removed in our environment and then. Monitoring part last part is monitor the network traffic and system behaviors for any kind of intuition so that I always suggest you to use ideas IPS and web application firewalls in order to prevent our network over here okay so for monitoring purpose we can use this plan to okay so this all the very best well know these canals we have GFA GFI LANGARD open was under call so this all the idea. Additional well know the assessment tools which we can use so yes we even categorize the well know piece into critical high low medium and these are all the CV SS common well know this coding system given by national well know the database NSD okay we go for this course you know to categorize them here so that means we are putting up the well know piece it in you very quality and this is the end of well know TNSS thank you so much. you