 Apart from that we have hmi based attacks, what are these hmi based attacks? This is nothing but human machine interface based attack only. See with the help of these attacks what we can be able to do? We can be able to physical damage to the all these scalar devices or we can be able to collect some of the sensitive information. What are these attacks? See if you see in Skada all these things comes under Skada. If we conduct some of these attack we can able to damage these things. How we can do that? Of course with the help of memory corruption, lack of authorization and authentication that is using default passports or if there is any weak password we can able to grant that as well. Credential management not having proper security policy. Of course we can induce some malicious code or malware into the system to get access to this system. So these are some of the human machine interface based attack that we can be able to perform on all these Skada devices. So that's about hmi based attacks. See here this was similar to what I have explained in IOIOT. What the attacker will do in reply attack? He'll use all those devices such as hack, rf1 and all those devices in order to record the commands. See if you remember the trollic code attack. In those trollic code attack he used some device in order to capture the code. Similarly similar kind of device that attacker will use and he'll use and he'll capture all these commands that send with this remote control operator. Then after capturing that he'll whatever he has captured he'll transmit that commands to this machine and he can able to use this machine. Whatever the instruction that are stored that will be executed. So this is just recording the command and transmitting the command this comes under reply attack. Whereas command injection is concerned here we are doing the same thing. We are using this device we are capturing the signal or commands but here what we do we do something called reverse engineering. In reverse engineering what we'll do will analyze the cryptography or encryption method or whatever the code that has been there in this commands. In this capture data then what we'll do will alter this to create our own commands. So instead of transmitting that similar command that we have captured we can able to transmit other commands as well. So this comes under command injection. So I hope we got the difference between reply attack and command injection. Then we have something called repairing with malicious RF controller. This is the kind of operator. This operator is paired with this machine. If you remember in Bluetooth pairing what we'll do will pair our device to other Bluetooth device then we'll transmit the data whatever we want. So pairing is done. Similarly from this operator also we can first we can do the pairing and then we can able to operate this target machine. Here what attacker is doing is capturing the with the help of this device hack RF1 or any other similar kind of device. He'll capturing the signal from this paired device and then instead this device he'll do attach this device or unpaired this device and instead he'll pair his own device to this machine. After his own remote machine or device has been paired to this machine he can able to transmit whatever command he want. So this comes under hacking industrial system through RF remote control through the service pairing mechanism. Then we have some of you remember we did hack the system through metastoid framework. Similarly we have something called ICS exploit that we can use to control that is industrial control system. We can able to control all these OT devices or ICS control system with the help of this framework. Then we have some of the countermeasures and security tools. What are counter some of the countermeasures? See there are some of the purpose build sensors that are there so that we can able to discover whatever the vulnerabilities that are there in the network. Once we able to find out those vulnerabilities we can able what we can do we can fix the loop on it secure our network. So the one is that then other apart from that we of course path system update your security path software regularly secure coding practices. This is for the app developers whatever you while writing the code for application. You should follow some of the secure coding practices such as not including those hard coded credentials inside the code such as password inside the app source code. So you need to app developers should not do that and they need to write some of the secure coding. So these applications should not get vulnerable to these attacks. Maintenance asset register for tracking and suitonizing outdated system. See you need to have a proper list of these all these components so that you can able to check what are the systems that are that have been outdated so you can update them and keep them up to date with both software and if there are any old hardware also you can able to replace them so that you can defend these attacks even you can defend some of the zero day attacks as well. Use strong passwords implementing VPNs, disabling and unused services all these things. You can do basically this are typical counter mission that you can implement in other devices as well. And of course make sure whenever you are using this third party web servers you are aware because some of these third party web servers will be vulnerable and sometimes you get a pick attack us web servers so that you get access to those things this attacker can able to easily get hands on your devices. So make sure you are aware about those things. So these are some of the counter measures and these are some of the security tools that you can use in order to defend this attack on these OT device.