 Then let's move to some of these attacks. See, one more thing before going to those attacks. We should check all these things in volumetric. What we are doing, we are consuming the bandwidth of a particular network or service. And it is measured in bits. See, you need to remember these three things. How each of these attacks are measured. Volumetric attack will be measured in bits per second. Bits zeros and ones. How many data streams will be sent per second. And this will be sent in packet form. Not in bits. This protocol attack. It will be measured in packets per second. And this is application layers pretty much straightforward. I have explained you by sending the HTTP request, which will be sent again in TCP segment for only. So I hope you got to know how these things are measured. Apart from that, here we will consume the bandwidth. And here we will consume so much of resources of that particular victim or particular host machine. Here, of course, we are crashing the particle of the website and denying service to some of the legitimate users. So this is pretty much simple and straightforward. We will go through each of application layer we have done. Now we will go to how many attacks are there in volumetric. We will go through each of these attacks and I will explain them in detail. So let's dive into that. Ping of death attack. The old let's go to command front and ping a particular website. See, you can directly ping any website through or any if you want to ping any or IP that is present in your network. You can do that as well. So this is basically what happens. What attacker does here as I explained you, he'll send some malware to these botnets or zombies and in that malware, he'll write some code that is ping code only. With the help of those botnets, he'll use this ping command and he'll send some of any package that particular target so that that attack we call as ping of death attack. So apart from that, let's move to smurf attack. See, in smurf attack, what why the name smurf? If you remember, there is 80s cartoon, those blue characters. You remember. So the smurf attack was named after those cartoon characters only. So what happens in this attack? Suppose let's take an example of a network infrastructure. So there are so many PCs here. Okay. Now let's suppose you want to target this particular PC which has IP address 168.1.30 or something. This is the IP address of this particular post machine. Now suppose attackers somehow get access to this network. What he'll do? He'll spoo the IP address of this particular host machine. Like 192.168.1.30 and it will send a broadcast message. What is a broadcast message? He's sending data packets to all the PCs that are present in the network. It will say this attacker will send all the packets and what happens here? Instead of reply getting to the attacker, all these other systems will start replying to this particular host machine. So what happens here? This host machine, target host machine will get flooded with so many data packets. Right. And it can't able to transmit data to any of the other host machines due to so many flood of so many already data packets. So this is how we can use Smurf Attack through broadcasting the data packets. I hope you understood how Smurf Attack occurs. Then we have UDP Flat Attack. Let's take an example of this one. Suppose there is a attacker. What he does? He sends so many UDP packets to the particular target. He'd flood this target machine with so many UDP packets. With some of the Spoofhood IP address, similarly as I explained you, with the help of some of the Spoofhood IP addresses, it will send so many UDP packets. It is particular target. And this target can't able to reply back to all these IP address because these are Spoofhood IP address and they don't exist in the network only. So what happens? It will send this Internet Control Message Protocol destination is unreachable. So this is how we can able to conduct UDP Flat Attack. So this is the example of UDP Flat Attack. I hope it's clear. Then apart from that what else we have? Ping of death. Okay, we are done with these three. Let's go to fragmentation attack. Similar to UDP only, here at what attacker does, he'll send large fragmented UDP data packets. UDP data packets to this particular target. So suppose this is the firewall. And this firewall is overloaded with these large fragmented packets. And this is our target, sorry, web server. Let's okay. This is what is this? This is firewall and this will be our target post machine or web server. So what happens? All these packets will be flooded at this firewall and these legitimate users can't able to access or send any other data packets through this firewall. So this is how fragmented or fragmentation attack can be conducted.