 Let us now see the sniffing tools. In sniffing tools, I do remember Fireshak, one of the best of sniffing tools, okay? Where you can capture the traffic, where you can almost you can check. I have, I always suggest you to go with the Hping 3 tool, okay? Flutter, conduct the DOS attack and then go to Wireshak and see how flooding happens over there. You can completely capture all the packets then, okay? We can capture and browse the traffic, which is running on the computer network. So we have a very good tools also further, with the HIST to fill links I have provided here. We have a Capsa, Street Central packet analyzer, PRTG, Observe analyzer, so many are there. Even network discover is there, okay? So many. And IT system, okay? In real time, if they assign you a birth of this, if they want you to capture all real time browsing traffic, which is running in your network, how are you going to use? So is that assessment of today? Okay, it's another tool which we're going to discuss, okay? Here is the end of sniffing tool and the last topic, yeah. So let's now focus on sniffing detection techniques, okay? So always try to remember here, this is the two scenarios. When the machine is in formative mode, yeah, it will be a response in whatever the IP, if we ping, we're going to get the response. If it is a non-promissive mode, no, we're going to be, we'll be not getting any response. So if we want to detect sniffers, if we want to detect a sniffing is happening or what, then we'll have to try with the ping method. Just ping and check, okay? Then if response received, then it's a instant promissive mode, yeah, we can easily sniff that. So if it is a non-promissive mode, it won't response here, okay? Yes. Okay, so like we have a NIC card in our system, if you are turning on the sync to promissive mode, network interface card. So what happens? It results on the traffic, almost all the traffic, okay? So it's like whether if you are connected to any server, if you are practicing any application, any anything, every single thing, you know, listens to it and it captures, it creates a local data storage properly, and that storage it grabs, who sniffers used to grab it, okay? If NIC card is in a more normal mode without jumping into promissive mode, it won't listen to the traffic. Temporarily it listens and outgoing, you know, with a few minutes, it's local data storage will be lifted, okay? It won't capture all the traffic that in the non-promissive mode. Clear? So here we can see if you're picking a request to a suspect machine with an IP and an incorrect map, you're not giving a proper map here, you're giving a incorrect map, then either adapter should reject it, right? Yeah? So then you'll find out incorrect map is it's rejecting? Yes, it's in a non-promissive mode, safer mode. If you are sending an incorrect map than to you are getting a response, that means you're in a promissive mode, okay? So this way you'll try to identify. One more method is also that RARP method, if you're, you know, machinist and promissious mode, you are also, it pinks back, you get a finger applied, or it tries for RARP request. If you're, you know, giving a wrong IP, wrong map, it should ask the RARP request, it should send, RARP I'm not finding out the proper map, it helps me with that, you know? Help me, it asks the help to RARP fellows. But here what is happening? In spite of giving a wrong map than to your, we are getting a ping reply, because why the machine is in a promissious mode, it is the one which is responding to your ping message, okay? So getting it right, this is one more method. So when it comes to counter measures, so we'll have to check, we have various methods to detect a snippet, we have a sniffing tools, we have a ping method, DNS method, RARP methods, and RARP. So these are all the counter measures we have, always the best way to secure against nipping is encryption. When your message is encrypted, what he'll do, we're by capturing those packets, right? Yes. So this is the different against nipping, the last concept, we'll have to restrict physical access, so then it works media to ensure packets differ, whether they are installed or not, okay? If he is trying to install, if he is trying to use any sniffing tool, whatever he, we always need to have a proper physical access, the restrictions we need to maintain. And please use encryption to protect confidential information, on of the very important point here, okay? And we'll have to permanently add the MAC address to the gateway. We need to monitor whether the mapping of IP and MAC are proper or not that, okay? And it is good to use IPv6 instead of IPv4. And instead of FTP, we need to use Secure FTP. SFTP has come up, and as we know, SSL connection, yeah? We need to protect our wireless network users also, right? So we'll have to go with the SSL Secure Tunnel, Secure Socket layer, the HTTP Tunnels connection, okay? And the Secure SSL Shirts, okay? So this is the end of StripPig.