 PCPIP model. How it looks actually? So we have taken a reference model, OSI model, A application layer presentation was there, session, transport, network, data link, physical layer. Reference in the sense what is happening in PCPIP model. These three they combined guys and they gave a total application layer one name. So here only the presentation layer session layer has been combined in the section of it. Transport layer was a separate one. Right. Transport layer. We can call it as host to host layer also. Transport layer. Network layer we can call it as internet layer also. Right. And this too they merged data link physical layer. If they want to merge also you can if you don't see in some books or engineering books, they have said PCPIP model it consists of how many? Four or five layers. Why are sometimes they have merged the data link and physical layer. They tell totally as a network access layer. Sometimes they are not. That means it goes as a five layers. No. So always remember it consists of four or five layers. Take up four layers only and that means application layer. Transport internet layer network access layer. Getting. So my students will help me now. What happens your data segmentation happens. The data becomes segments in the transport layer. After that it becomes what guys package right. And then in this two stages frames and bits. Right guys getting an idea. And who invented this TCP API model. During our planet project remember this. Okay. And four layers it's consists of OSI is consists of seven. It's a just a reference model and this is practically the developed guys. I told you right OSI is just a paper or but DC API P. It's a practical. Yeah. So if they ask why TCP API model why they developed this tell them we have a reason. Whatever we are doing our internet communication right sender receiver they both are communicating through internet from different different countries it's happening due to this model. Remember that guys getting. And guys they can ask you about the advantages. First is it ensures what it supports what decentralization or in notification what is this decentralization guys. There was nothing like a centralized system now centralized in the sense rag up should stay in America. I should also be in the America. If we both want to communicate after TCP API model I can easily communicate to anywhere in whichever the country in whichever country the people were right there was it completely supports decentralization right there was no centralized system. And I told you dynamic routine. Guys there was nothing like only in one path we have to communicate. There can be any different paths if I want to mail rather I will if I want to talk to you in Skype I will if I want to contact him through Yahoo Outlook I will if I want to contact through WhatsApp I will if I want to message him through Facebook I will have multiple paths to contact him right so it always supports for dynamic routine. It's my wish I can choose my path and I can transfer my data it's nothing like we have we have to choose only one path okay nothing like that so it supports dynamic routine and decentralization and also flow and it was with error control flow and error control can be enhanced here. Guys we can decide right the internet speed and all so if both husband and wife are working okay they just we used to go for a dinner like you know after company they are they both used to visit their home you know almost around 8 o'clock till 10 o'clock they will have the dinner again go sleep and again run to company right 2 hours why do they need you know higher speed of internet then Zadejee because he wants to know he is right Raghav Yagwag just right getting it so we can check the flow and error control also right that how much MVPS if you want to speed everything we can check. So it's almost to solve it used to solve this you know these are complete disadvantages of OSI actually there was a centralized system only same country people can be communicated that was gone decentralization dynamic routine I can contact Raghav with multiple paths there is a dynamic routine okay he also it also focuses on addressing also addressing how PCP IP IP in the sense it's a logical addressing right there will be a proper destination IP proper source IP it even ensures addressing properly. Yagwag is by power go with that like that with you okay getting right and it was interoperability devices different companies like you know multi if you want to do multi task if I want to take a class also if I want to send an email also yeah I can do a multi task right