 Hi everyone, in this video we'll be looking into AI models and the tools used to perform AI task. See here what I'm trying to do. So first of all, I'm going into my Google Chrome and opening our Google Cloud app. So you might be seeing that this is a Google Cloud app. So no issues if you don't know what exactly this particular thing is that. So with the help of this particular web page, kind of like a tool if you can say so. So with the help of this particular tool, what we can do is that we can write Python codes. And I hope everyone knows what is Python. It's a programming language that is written to make the things make our work more easier. So here, whenever you're working with artificial intelligence, machine learning or anything, you have to use any programming languages that's basically a Python or R. But in India, Python is quite the problem. So that's the reason I'm going to open Google Cloud and here, I'm going to open a file called as object detection. So here I'm loading that file so that we can use that particular. So here I have done this one one thing just taking some few data and all to show you what is the capability of AI, what it can do. So that's give me one second. Let me just upload all the necessary files to this. Now, if you guys want this, just tell me I can share this with you. I hope you have your drive or some things in which I can put the materials in and you can work on top. So here you can see that this is your V5 models are trained on the cocoa data set, which contains 80 different classes, including but not limited to this. So basically what happened here, this is a pre-tained trained machine learning algorithm. So there are machine learning algorithms. So what happens with the help of that, we can do anything basically. So what I have done, I have taken multiple images, multiple images of what person car, bicycle truck and all the things. And I have given it to a machine learning model and I told that you have to understand this image. Now, if you see a person, how do you identify it as a person like a normal human being, if a normal human being sees a person, how can he identify that he's a person? So what we do, we will look for particular features. Of course, here will be there, eyes will be there, nose will be there, ears will be there, upper upper body structure will be there. Then we will be able to understand that's a particular person. Same thing goes for a car, there are four wheels, it should be long. Kind of a certain features are there, which we see and we say that this is car, this is truck, this is bicycle, this is bus, but they're different, different, certain attributes are there for each particular category. Okay, now what? Here I have given all this information to a machine and the machine name is yellow. So machine have learned all these things, how it learned that's a very core depth thing. So we are not going into very core, we are just understanding the overall view of what exactly is happening. So I have told that machine, this is a person, this is a car, this is a bicycle, this is a truck, all the things I have given information. So machine told that okay fine, I am understanding it, tell me what to learn more. Similarly, I have given zero elephant horse bird cat all things. So of course, you know there is a different between cat and different between dog, but how a machine will understand that the concept lies there. In order to make machine understand the behavior of human or understanding the pictures, the videos is basically you're a part of artificial internet. So here I have certain, certain things I just run this, I am not going to into the technical town. So now by running this few lines of code, basically Python codes, I will be able to identify certain images. So what I will do, I have an image with me in my desktop, for example, this is the image bike.jpg. So here if I open this particular image, you can see that this image consists of multiple things. So you might see that this is a car, this is also a car, this is a bike, this is a traffic light. So now okay, so as a human we are able to recognize those things, but how come a machine will recognize? So what I will do, I will upload this image at the first. Let me just upload that image, desktop and here I think bike.jpg. That means I have two images I will upload both. Okay, so let's see, I have bike image and I will take that particular bike image. And here hope so it should work, I am going to run it. Now once you run this, see what happened here, you're going to automatically understood what is a car, what is a motorcycle and what exactly a person is, what exactly a traffic light is. Now, lot of things can be done here with the help of AI. Now you might have encountered this if you are living in a like a urban area. So what happens there, there will be traffic lights, right? So in traffic lights, if you buy mistakenly or knowingly or unknowingly, you crossed a red signal. Now what happens suddenly there will be cameras, it automatically takes pictures of your vehicle and sends you images or sends you a basic note, images basically, sends you the image when you do cross a red light signal and or what is a speed, everything, whatever it has, you got to with the help of a camera. So what it wants, it wants to find from the traffic team, so they give you fine or the chalan, if you say so in the language, they cut a chalan for you and you have to pay certain amount. So these things help the government to raise some funds and so as to control the traffic so that the people won't or the people will follow the traffic rules. So one example I have shown you, you can see that how a normal image was automatically classified into particular traffic lights, car, motorcycle and with a given percentage. Now if you see what is this 0.84, you can see that that's a percentage of this is a car. Now why there is a percentage? There is also reason why it is giving me and a percentage because this is a machine, this is not a human, okay? So here the machine has understood this much that this features are per car but it is is not quite sure that this is car or not. Okay, we are humans, we can say that yeah that is a car for sure but how can a machine be so sure? Machine will do certain mistakes on this. Now similarly I have one more image, image one, let me show you what image exactly is here. Some random pictures I have, something looks like air frames and baby pictures looks like that ball, bags and all the things. So let me upload this particular image and let's see what can be done on top of it. So instead of bike I am going to write image one.jpg and I am going to run it. Okay, same thing okay. Looks like that we cannot use that particular image. Let me see, I have deleted some images possibly we can use one of them. We see two. Yeah, I think this image will work to the thing. It depends upon the size and the resolution of the image, what image it will take. So possibly that is it is not doesn't match as the particular resolution. So that is the reason it is giving you some quite of error. So it shows let's see, again same thing, but fine let me just change it to the bike itself. So that is basically if you take any pictures and if you just match the resolution of that and you can put it through a machine learning model and a machine learning model is going to help you to do this thing. Okay.