 So, now if we want to go through session hijacking tools, these are all the one of the very important session hijacking tools we have. We need it for sniffing packets. BIRP suit is here he tries to capture all the H2P requests. If he wants to conduct OTP by passing anything. If he wants to scan a complete domain, their loophole whether their web server is weak or not. If he wants to rectify and check, he will use BIRP suit. I would definitely like to show you the BIRP suit professional edition there. And we have so many IP watcher, T side, HTTP hijacker, DNS hijacker, these are all cookie hijacking tools as well as HTTP hijacking tools. Detection method is also very important. So we have a two manual method and automatic method. If they want to detect the session hijacking part, they use ideas, IPS and web application fire goals. Manually if you want to go with, we will have to use the sniffing software. Because network level session hijacking, he starts from sniffing the network. So we can mitigate this using starting only if you are at the starting portion, if you are already detecting it. Definitely we can mitigate this. So it is the detection method. Yes, the very important thing is prevention. If you want to prevent and mitigate this, please will have to focus on encryption methods. Focus on ideas, IPS, WAF tool, web application fire works and maintain encryption. It comes to a specific systems, we will have to go with the proper anti-virus software. Anti-malware tools also. The anti-virus software is your Fsecured in this generation. And we have to educate our employees regarding this session hijacking. Overall conclusion, yes, he tries to, he can further hijack your sensitive information. Your application and he can collect your credit card numbers, transaction details, so many things. So, airlock, it's all one of the very good tools here. I have mentioned in the conclusion that it detects and prevents hijacking continuously by checking the fingerprint of a user request. So, it is the real time tool, the cyber security professionals who are going to use. For a box, also they use and so many hijacking, J hijacking, this is on the real time tool. They use this for detection. Okay. This is the end of the session hijacking here. Clear?