 So, before going to MDM, I will want to explain you about bring your own device. What is this bring your own device means? Suppose you are working in some company or organization. What these people will do? They will ask you to bring your own device for the purpose of doing some corporate work and also to utilize that same device for your personal work. So that is the concept of bring your own device. Bring their personal devices such as laptops, smartphones, tablets to their workplace in order to use them to access the organization resources. They do or they can do all the things or works of the company by using all their personal devices. So, that is the concept behind bring your own device. What are the benefits of this BYOD? It will increase the productivity, work flexibility will be there. The same device for both the work and lower cost. Of course, the company can instead of buying each of the device for each of the employees, they can save some money. So, these are some of the benefits of bring your own device. There are some risk along with for BYOD, what are these risk? What happens if the device gets stolen? All the company data will be stolen as well. And also mixing of personal and private data, occur so many things will happen. See, if there is any problem in the device, the display of the device is not properly working and you want to throw the device. Before throwing it, the device you need to make sure you dispose it properly, like smash that particular device into pieces before throwing out why? Because data that is present inside that what happen that attacker can able to extract that data by replacing the display or by suppose you have thrown laptop, what hacker can do? He can pull out the hardest from that disposed laptop and he can extract that data from that hard disk. So, all these things will can be done. So, these are some of the risks that are involved. You can see some other points as well. So, there is something called mobile device management. What is this mobile device management? Let's see that with particular example. I have logged into something called Mirado, it is also MDM, that is mobile device management solution. You can log in or get subscription to any of these management software solutions through online. Here, you can see, you can enroll the device, all the, suppose you are running a business and company and if you want to implement BY, OD in your company or business, you can enroll all the devices of the employees through this solution, MDM solution. Here, I am using Mirado, you can go through and there are so many plenty of MDM solutions out there. So many things you can do and roll the device. You can see, you can see the list of device that has been enrolled. You can send some of the software, security patches from this. There is something called OTA. What is the OTA in security update only? Like OS, OTA update in mobile phone. Remember, there is, what is the OTA over the air, update or security patch. What happens? Suppose, if you are using any older Android 13 or something or Android 12, you can get the news OS update through over the air. You can see like a message will pop up in your smartphone like there is a new update for new OS. Even through MDM also, if this company can send some software updates to the devices. So many things you can do, you can track these devices if they are stolen. You can track these devices through MDM and you can configure these devices. So many things you can do from here. See, even both all these devices are there. Suppose, if you are using iPhone, that can be also enrolled in this solution or software. So this is the typical example of see device location, passcode, online status. So many things you can able to see or track with the help of this solution. So that is about MDM or mobile device management. See, there are some of the security guidelines you need to remember. Do not load too many applications in your phone. What happens? It will auto-outload all the photos to the social networks because of unnecessary permissions that have given to these apps or some other reasons. But also do not open up Wi-Fi and Bluetooth simultaneously and if you are not using Wi-Fi and do to make sure you turn it off all the time. Apart from that, do not share. Suppose I have given you an example. Do not give location per vision to some of the apps if you are not necessary for that. Suppose, for example, if you are installing any VPN app, don't give camera per vision to that app because VPN does not need any camera per vision. So that you can take the example from that. Then we have other things. If you want to install some of the application from any app store, make sure that is from trusted source. So all these things you can able to follow. Maintain configuration and control configuration control and management. That is, make sure you have properly configured your device with proper password and security settings and all these things. These are things for the app developers. Perform security and assessment of the application architecture. Before publishing that particular application to App Store, these app developers will make sure to check all these things before giving it for the production, sending it to the production. So these are some of the things. This is the disposing of the device I was talking about before disposing your defective device. Make sure to wipe or delete the data before disposing it or if you want to dispose any of your world devices as well, make sure you delete or wipe the data. So these are some of the security guidelines you need to follow. Then we have some tool security tool that you can install. There are some other tools as well. There is something called malware bytes. This is for Android. It will be similar to those security software that you install in an app talk such as Casper's key case and security and all this.