 types of sniffing. Yeah. So guys, as you know, obviously there will be a two types. What is that active passive? Okay, no, active and passive. Yeah. So now the thing is, let's start a film. We'll be having a two roles hub and switch. Both are heroes only, but this hub is a brainless device. Okay, if they ask you, see, even sniffing can happen through hub. Even sniffing can happen through switch, but there is a twist in the film. Okay. So hub is a brainless device, switch is the intelligent device. Why? There is a question, right? Why, ma? Both are like same only, right? They can be a question, right? No, they are not same. I'll tell you first. First, let us finish this hub and let jump into switch later. First hub is nothing, but guys, it will be like this right? Let's say here a main segment. Main segment, right? Here, what happens? So many ports. Let's say this is me. Yeah, this is Shashveth, Rajendra, Rashmi, Shridhar, Pavitra, Rupa. Yeah, guys, you know what is hub guys? It converts one main segment into different segments. Have you noticed in offices and organizations these two use here? These two connect the master computer here and it will be connected to all over. If one is connected to internet, everybody will be getting a internet like that. Okay, getting it hub, it's nothing but easy, converts single segment into multiple segment. Okay, so if I want to transfer something, okay, where is Shashveth, here, right? Rajendra is here. Okay, here is Rupa, Rashmi. I want to send you some notes, Rupa. If I want to send you some notes, you tell me whether it is broadcasting to every other port or only to you. Shashveth, whether you can also see this notes, Rajendra also can view these notes or only it is going to Rupa. Everybody, right? I told you, it is like moving from broadcasting. The information, what I am like the notes I told you, sensitive information, I just want to transfer to Rupa, but it is broadcasting to all other segments. So what it is brainless now, I am telling Raya help me. I want to just send to Rupa, but it is broadcasting to every other. Hub is not capable of identifying who is Shashveth, where is Rajendra, who to the message has to be transferred. It is not capable of finding it, right? Yeah. So what, if I am trying to send from this segment to this only to Rupa or Rajendra, then to if he is trying to capture packets, information has been spread over all the segments. Yeladru if he is want to go and sniff her, capture packets he can, right? Because only properly in this segment the information is not moving up. It is broadcasting. If he wants to sniff, if he wants to capture packets, anyways he can contact, he can contact you, he can contact Rushmi's segment, he can contact she does anywhere. Almost the information has been broadcasted. Slipping is easy, through hub then for him, right? Can we go with the switch now? Yeah. So now let me start with the switch. Let's say same main segment I have, port, same way it will be even in the switch, okay? It's like a hub only, main segment will be there or other segments will be there, okay? Now tell me let's say same thing, Shashweth, Rajendra, Rupa and Rushmi, Shridhar Pavita. So like this, right guys? Now if I want to send something here, only to Shashweth, can I? If I want to send only to Rajendra, can I? It is also broadcasting, no, it will be get broadcasted, broadcasted. Here also same thing, but there is a difference, what is the difference that? Whether it is capable of identifying who is Rajendra, who is Shashweth, switch? Yes, good. Why is capable of identifying that if I want to send to Shashweth, it will go only to Shashweth, it will be not moving out anywhere, getting it. If I want to send to Rajendra, it will go to Rajendra, this segment only, it won't move anywhere. Why it is what? Quality it has that he can identify easily? Switch, something special will be there in the switch, no? So all it is identifying the Shashweth, Rajendra separately, right? What is that quality? Why now you will get an answer why it is an intelligent device also? The special quality it has is cam table, content addressable memoried table in the switch, who is going to help in this generation, in this zone of creation of this table? Cam table? ARP packets. I told you right when it comes into ARP, I told you I will tell you, see ARP is nothing but address resolution protocol. Okay, it is the one which helps us in mapping, mapping of what? IP and math.