 Hi everyone. So today let's study about SQL injection and hacking wireless networks. So let's go through with the overview of SQL injection. Yes. So when it comes to SQL injection, it is a type of cyber attack. Well, your malicious SQL statements that's going to insert into an entry field. Okay. So the attacker, what we say are malicious actors. So they're going to insert some SQL queries into an entry field for execution here. So further that leads to an authorized access to the sensitive data. So in a simple word, if I want to tell you about SQL injection, it's like a sneaky trick that a hacker used to mess with your websites or it may be your applications that use databases. Okay. So they actually find places, you know, where they can stuff and they can have a search boxes where they can, you know, include SQL queries under login fields. So actually, they put, you know, very malicious special codes so that your database, whatever it's there, they try to steal the sensitive information over there. Okay. They can delete your important data, they can steal it. So you know, it's overall a sneaking into a building through a secret door, you know, that owner still knows that. So when it comes to, as we can see, yes, it is applied web applications and not a database or web submission. So it's a basic attack where you can see it's used to either gain an authorized access to a database or retrieve information directly from the database. Okay. So as we can see why to bother about SQL injection, your very important points we have. First thing is we have authentication bypass. Yes. So the thing is, SQL injection attack, it allows attacker to bypass authentication mechanisms guys. So further they gain an authorized access to sensitive data and they try to manipulate database contents also. Okay. And second thing we have is compromise data integrity. Yes, the thing is, SQL injection attackers, the enable attacker, you know, so overall SQL injection attack, it is the one which enables attackers to modify, delete, insert data into the database. So as we can also see the impact on system availability, okay, SQL injection attack, it can lead to further dose attack by executing, you know, very intensive queries, which is completely it's going to disrupt your normal operation of the database server. So the draw the very important points. So what developers can mitigate this SQL injection, well notice by using parameterized queries. Okay. So they have to use a proper sanitization of, you know, user inputs, they have to focus on sanitization. So regular security audit, sanfenetration testing helps, you know, in order to identify and address this potential well notice. So this is the end of its overview of SQL injection. So when it comes to hacking wireless networks, okay. So yes, as we know, Wi-Fi, it refers to wireless local area networks, yeah. So hacking Wi-Fi seriously, it sounds really cool and interesting, right? But actually, hacking Wi-Fi, practically, it's much easier with a very good word list. Okay. So here, it's just a overview of hacking wireless network where you can just try to, you know, in this module, why they have given this model in the sense you'll get a technique, you'll get an idea to hack WPA or WPA to Wi-Fi using color limits. Okay. So when it comes to your Wi-Fi hacking methodology, let me help you. And before going to that, so WEP is one of the first encryption algorithm. And further, they jump into WPA due to, because WEP was very much vulnerable for attacks, easily hackable, you know, easily crackable. So, so WPA, where we focused on TKIP, okay. And my CL algorithm. So further WPA too, okay. In this generation, this uses AES. So one of the best advanced encryption standards. So further, they are already launched to WPA tree, they're working on it. So they're going to launch soon about WPA tree. Also, they are focusing to increase the security mechanism all that, okay. So yes. So when it comes to wireless hacking tools, here, we just can see aircraft, I find NG under cally Linux, you can focus on this. Okay. Let me just show you here. So when it comes to Wi-Fi hacking tools, okay. So when you want to hack your Wi-Fi, always we need to focus on aircraft, iPhone, NG tool, and a cally. Okay. So under cally Linux. So here what happens is we need to be prepared with the word list. So we can even create a word list using a crunch tool. Okay. Or you can directly go with your file system under cally Linux, under file system, go for your user, then share, and then further you'll be getting your word list where you can get your lock you dot THD. This is the word list. Okay. You can easily get this inbuilt world list. They have given under cally. So step one is when it comes to hacking Wi-Fi, let me just help you with the steps here. So the step one is you'll have to check your interface. Okay. So by moving with iF config here, you'll have to check whether you have a wireless interface or not. So we'll be having two interfaces, Ethernet, wireless interface, as well as new back interface. Okay. So when it comes to step two, we'll have to make our airborne iPhone NG start. That means our wireless interface will be further moved to monitor mode. Okay. So here, airborne iPhone NG. So to start our wireless interface, you know, in monitor mode, we give this command and further we'll have to kill so many current processes using airborne iPhone NG check. Then after that, we'll have to further go with AeroDumb by Fandini. Okay. So this we used to view all the Wi-Fi networks around you. So for packet capturing, we use this and then further step four. After AeroDumb, you'll be going with the next step. Okay. So further, you'll be moving with AeroDumb. We'll have to note down the BSS ID. So we'll have to note down that and we need to use this command. We need to note down the channel number BSS ID, as well as, you know, we need to even have the location, a proper location here, wherever you want to save your cat file. Okay. So once you're using AeroDumb by Fandini for packet capturing, by using this command, we'll have to wait for handshake. When it comes to BSS ID, it's nothing but your MAC address of a wireless access point. Okay. This iPhone W is nothing but directory where you want to save the file. Okay. And it's the name of the interface here. Okay. So after that, you need to go with the new terminal. You need to go with two commands. That is the last steps here, reply F and NG. Okay. To inject frames, we need to use this further here and we further go with the commands for de-authentication. Okay. And finally, we'll go with A crack iPhone NG. Okay. So here, when you use A reply F and NG, this we use to inject frames. Okay. And when the client is disconnected from the target network, he tries to reconnect to the network. So when he does, you'll get something called WPA handshake, which is very much important here. Okay. So in the previous window of the terminal, so after that, in order to decrypt the password, okay, please open the file application. So you're almost when you go with A crack iPhone NG or A reply F and NG. So whatever the cap file has been generated, we'll be having our passwords that. Okay. So the main thing is cap file is the one file you need that. Okay. So you can download that file of common passwords from the internet. Like if you want to create your own, we can go with the crunch tool or the cap file which has been created here, it's a very important to decrypt the password and finally, you'll get the result. So this is the mechanism of Wi-Fi hacking here. Okay. So let me go with the slides and I help you with the security tools also here. Yes. So here, this is all the additional wireless attacking tools for Wi-Fi cracker, you know, can enable which is the packets and crack passwords. That may take longer over here, but this is the one of the best one, the Elk console wireless security auditor. So and we also have a security tool, Cisco Adaptive Wireless IPS. This is one of the best security tools. We also have RF Protect, Air Magnet Planner or Xt Mail Difference. So this is one of the best wireless security tools for threat detection and mitigation against many issues at that. So this is the end of SQL injection as well the whole view of hacking wireless networks. Thank you guys.