 So let's study about SMTP, DNS as well as other animation techniques. Before that, let's see what is SMTP animation here. So before going with SMTP animation, let's know what is SMTP here. So SMTP is nothing but simple mail transfer protocol. So here, it's an application protocol, application layer protocol. So it is the one which is used to send receive outgoing emails between sender and receiver here. If you want to send an email, we need this protocol and the port number at 25 place are very prominent role here. And when an email is sent, it is further transferred over the internet from one server to another server here using SMTP. So in a simple terms, SMTP email is just an email sent using SMTP server here. Further we have two parts under this SMTP. So there is user agent. It's nothing but example you can give us a Gmail application and mail transfer agent. They are the one who are completely responsible for transferring or messaging, email messages. So SMTP, simple mail transfer protocol, one of the best communication application layer protocol used for sending as well as receiving emails, email messages. And for receiving, still we have another protocol, I'm a POP 3 of one 10 port number and one 4 3. These also place a very prominent role there. So yeah, this mail servers and other message transfer agents, they use this SMTP to send and receive a relay mail messages here. So we got to know what is SMTP but the question is what is SMTP enumeration here? So this SMTP enumeration allows us to identify valid users on the SMTP server here. So this is done with the built in SMTP commands. So let's see those commands over here in the slides. As you can see the SMTP enumeration here. So it completely allows you to determine the valid users on the SMTP server here. So we can see the further commands verify, yeah, expansion, recipient to. So these commands further attackers use to observe. This actually these commands display actual mailing address of the recipient and the mailing complete list. So overall attacker tries to enumerate these details in order to fetch a complete details on the recipient part. So here see as we can see the expansion command here. It completely tells us, verify the existence of one or more mailboxes on the system. So in that way so many commands place a prominent role in their distance. So attackers especially they try to enumerate. They try to check the use, they know especially it's used to validate the user on the server. This verify command and even it points to a recipient address, this recipient command. So this SMTP enumeration it can be performed using various tools. We have telnet, enmap, SMTP user, enum. So many tools we have. Even he sometimes attacker use metasploit for SMTP enumeration here. So he tries to overall check complete address complete information, valuable information under SMTP server. So this is what SMTP enumeration we further can check in the diagram also. Here we have a sender, we used to use user agent, gmail application to send our email. So here under MTA, message transfer agent it is the one which is completely responsible to transfer our message. Okay, further we have a message transfer agent here which receives messages from another MTA. Yeah, we have two MTAs. So one MTA it receives messages from another MTA where you know completely it checks for our port number whether port 25 is open, whether who's been sending the message everything it cross check that. So the main purpose of MTA here is it's a mail transfer agent which is a software which transfers an electronic mail messages from one computer to another, okay using SMTP. So further it reaches to another server SEMTA and user mailbox it will be in a queue and further it receives where he has to open, he has to open is Yahoo Outlook or gmail application that is user agent under receiver part and finally the message going to receive by receiver. So here using SMTP commands attacker tries to enumerate so many things, so many valuable information. So these ends your SMTP enemoration further let us focus on DNS zone transfer enemoration here. So before this let us know what is DNS is here, okay. So when it comes to DNS enemoration it is very important to know about DNS, DNS is nothing but domain name system, okay. So it is the one which converts your domain name into IP addresses, okay. So as we can see a client server model if I'm requesting something like if I want to request to Netflix server, this is my browser, I'm a client I'm requesting as Netflix.com right. It won't go directly to server. Before this HTTP request reaches to server it goes to a DNS server where all the domain names, domain name that is www.netflix.com will be converted into respective IP and then it reaches to browser and then these HTTP request you know goes to server. So overall here you got an idea about DNS let's see what is DNS enemoration here, okay. So here DNS enemoration is conducted using DNS zone transfer attack, okay. So here DNS zone transfer attack well it is a process where DNS server a primary one passes a copy completely off its database to another DNS server. So if it's a network infrastructure, okay of some company here let's say there is a primary DNS server. So let's say attacker tries to install secondary DNS server, okay. And here in this process all the zone file the database we can say, okay, a database of these DNS primary server that means a systematic collection of data on the server. So the database you can say or a zone file, okay, it passes to the secondary server, okay. This process where a server is passing a complete copy of its content, okay, to another server it's a DNS zone transfer, okay. So attacker he tries to conduct this DNS zone transfer attack and he tries to even you know perform DNS enemoration easily here. So we use DNS enem tools under Cali we have DNS recon, we have fears as DNS integration tool and even sometimes we use a dig to conduct this to have a view on this DNS enemoration part here. Sometimes he even tries to do NS look up under windows to do DNS enemoration here, okay. Let's focus on slides also. Yes. So it's a process of locating a DNS server and the records of the target network here, especially this DNS enemoration. attacker he tries to gather a valuable information such as DNS server names, host names, machine names, IP address complete, invaluable information of those potential targets, okay. So in this enemoration attacker tries to retrieve a complete copy of entire zone file or database of a domain from the DNS server here. So hope you got to know about DNS server and we all even we have so many other DNS techniques, okay. Say using email ID, using default passwords, so netbios, NTP, NFS, so many enemoration techniques we have studied, okay. And further if we focus on enemoration countermeasures, it's very important to focus on both SNMP DNS part, okay. We need to upgrade SNMP to SNMP 3 to encrypt passwords and messages, okay. Whatever you are not using, we need to shut off SNMP because or else by extracting default strings, he can attack to our SNMP also, okay. So always we need to use a standard admin contacts for DNS registrations here in order to avoid social engineering attacks. So these are all the countermeasures, okay. We need to ignore email messages to unknown recipients, yeah. Or else SNTP enemoration can happen here, okay. Because definitely he can conduct a phishing attack, these are all the countermeasures. So hence, these ends the topic here. Thank you.