 The most probably about patches and updates only scan for existing vulnerabilities by using Nases and all we can check the vulnerabilities patched the update of the server software regularly. We need to update the server software. We need to apply any service pack, hot fix or security patch, read and peer review, all the relevant documents. Basically that only this one. Before deploying the software security patch and all these things, we need to check other reviews whether that is convenient or is there any bugs or vulnerabilities in that security patch. That's about that. Apply all updates regardless of their type as need basis. We need to apply all the updates that are present. Okay, this is testing machine only. Non-products. First, we need to test the test it. Test these service packs in non-production environment before deploying to the actual production. Ensure that service packs and all these patch levels must be consistent on all domain controllers. Domain controls are nothing but those similar to active directories only. There is user credential. The credentials will be there like user name and password. You need to enter user name and password and get access to your data. That's about that. Ensure that server outages are scheduled and complete set of backup tips emergency pay disk or you need to have this multiple server architecture so that you can if there is any outrage, so you will have backup tips as well. Have backup plan that all okay. This is similar to that. This only like if you want when to install OS your windows OS only for something happens in the middle of the OS get corrupts. What happens? It restored to some of the point before you install it. Whatever the system restore point was it it will get back to you. So that's the concept of backup plan. It allows the system and enterprise to return to their original state prior to the failed implementation. Similar things we do in the server as well. Schedule periodic service pack update as per of operation maintenance and never try to have more than two service pack behind. We need to regularly two service pack behind. For every two months or a month one service pack will be released. So you need to regularly update your software. You need to not to leave this much of time and left it like this only because what happens. This attackers can find out the vulnerability and get access to the web server. So these are the things you need to remember about. You need to study about web server. Okay let's finish off this things with patch management. So patch management will use in web server software. So process used to ensure that appropriate patches are installed on a system to help the fixed known vulnerabilities. It is automated one. We know need to do this manually. This system or application is automated one. What it does? At first it detects use tool to detect missing security patches. Similar to this security patches are most more or less similar to those android security patches or even callee updates as well. So it will detect if the server software is up to date or not or if some of the security patches are missing or not. It first the patch management will detect that. Then it access the some of the issues that are present in the server and mitigate those factors. And also before deploying that security patch first what will it will do? It will download that patch for testing and it will test that security patch in testing machine. And after verifying the consequences of that update then it will deploy for the main system of web server. Then after about see. You can subscribe to get notification about the vulnerability so this is the basic process of automated web patch management. You can take the example of your phone only. Suppose you get the android security update or patch update. What happens? If the patch the code program if there is any bug in the code programming code what happens? Some overheating issues will occur flickering of display will occur after installing that software patch. So these things could occur in here also for the web server as well. So in order to be aware of these consequences or this patch management will do it will test security updates or security patches in this test machine then it will deploy on the real machine. So that's the basic concept of patch management.