 See we use cloud computing in day-to-day life. Cloud computing services we use in our day-to-day life. Most popular example Google Drive we use. We use all these Google sheets. In order to edit or create some of the Google docs, apart from that we use some of the online services. We watch movies in OTT platforms and all these things. Not only movies, but also we'll present us with able to access some music as well. So so many things we'll use in our day-to-day life. This is filled with cloud computing services. Right? See how interesting this cloud computing services. You know need to store your files in your hard disk or in your USB drive, external drive or anything. What you just need to do, you can store your files in Google Drive. And you don't need to take your laptops or dextops or any other devices also. You can access your Google Drive through any of the other devices and able to access your data from anywhere in the world. So these are some of the things we can able to do with cloud computing. So let's start with some of the characteristics of cloud computing. Let's start with on demand cell service. See it is pretty much straightforward. Suppose let's take an example of Google Drive only. In Google Drive, what we'll get will get 15 GB of free storage. Right? What if we want some more storage like 25 GB or like 100 GB? You need to pay some amount and you can able to access this much of storage. Right? So this is pretty much the basic example of on demand cell service. Suppose you have to complete a particular task and you want this much of storage to store some of the files. You can demand for this through this service through your any of your CSP, either Google or any other vendors, cloud service providers. So with the help of these cloud service providers, we can able to access any of these service. Not only this storage, but we can able to access virtual OS web server. If you want to host some website web server, we can able to access through cloud network. So many services we can able to get from these cloud service providers. There are different cloud service providers apart from Google. We have IPM cloud, Microsoft Azure is there. And of course, Google Cloud is there Apple Cloud is there. So these are the cloud service providers are different vendors. We can able to get service hours cloud services from distributed storage. Why? Because of three things that is scalability. This is one of the characteristics of cloud computing. Abelability and reliability. See, basically scalability means whether there is an increase in demand. Suppose you are running some business or company. And you need to access some of the cloud services. Right, for your employees, you need some storage. Cloud storage in order to store some files and also that all these other employees can access these storage storage, cloud storage and files in this storage. So what you'll do suddenly some workload came up and you need to increase this facility or storage according to demand and availability. Of course, I have as I have explained you, you could be able to access all your files anywhere through any of the devices through the cloud computing as well as it will be reliable. So you may ask what about this? What about rapid elasticity? See, even rapid elasticity is almost similar to this only. Scalability only. But the difference is this is for a long term. Suppose you have in future or in future days, you need to implement some project which needs some kind of a lot of cloud storage. So what we'll do? You can able to implement this scalability like increase this storage according to the demand. But here you can take the example of some web traffic. Suppose you have hosted a website and you need and there is increase in the web traffic for your website and you need to have a better storage for your web server. So what will happen? This will be helpful for immediate response and immediate provision of your and this will this cloud service will provide you immediate services. On spot in real time. So I hope you understood the difference between scalability and rapid elasticity. So apart from these two, then we have automated management. See, no human interaction is needed. Whatever you need services, it will be provided to you on demand. Like in real time. So no intermediate person will be there. Like suppose you if you need to access some Google storage, no need to request some person, then that person will approve your request and then it will service will provide it. Nothing, no, no, those things will not be there. Whatever the services will be there, all these cloud computing service will be automated. The management will be automated. Broad network access you could able to use this cloud computing services through different kinds of devices like your laptop, tablets, smartphones and even with the help of PDS or those old devices. See, these are the devices, personal, digital, assistant, even with the help of these devices or also we can able to access cloud services. So that's the all these concepts come under broad network access resource pooling. So this is nothing but multi customer and multi tenant. Environment. Suppose there are, suppose you're on running a business in your company and you have opted for some cloud computing services and here there are so many, you want to handle so many customers are there, you want to provide some of these services through cloud to your customers or so many employees are there, they need, you need to provide some of these cloud computing services to your employees. So there comes this resource pooling where you can provide multi customer and multi tenant environment to your employees. Then apart from that we have measured service like this means paper service. Suppose you want to access cloud for virtual machine, you can pay certain amount to them and you can able to access your install your Linux or call in this virtual machine through cloud and you can use this as well or you can use Amazon's AWS is also there. The help of Amazon AWS also you can use this virtual machine through cloud. And you need to of course you need to pay some of the amount in order to use this service. Apart from that of course virtualization technology has already explained you virtual machine or virtual OS, all the virtual environment we can able to use through virtualization technology.