 I would like to be learning about cyber-kill chain concepts. So this cyber-kill chain methodology, that is nothing but a component of intelligence driving difference for identification as well as prevention of malicious intrusion activities. So let us concentrate deeply on cyber-kill chain methodology. So overall, this methodology is going to help the security professionals in identifying the steps which attackers follows in order to accomplish their goals. So what? This is completely a framework is designed developed by securing cyber-space based on the concept of military-kill chains here. So here we can say the stages of this methodology. So specially this model helps organization here. So to understand the various possible threats at every stage of an attack here and they are going to take unnecessary countermeasures to defend against such attacks here. So let us come with the first phase we have our reconnaissance here. Let me take a real-time example. If he is trying to attack me, let us say how he is going to follow the steps. So first phase is reconnaissance. Here in this reconnaissance phase, first here he will try to gather data on the target, that means on me. So he will try to gather information as much as possible about me. He can gather information here by searching through internet, through social engineering technique. He can gather information from social networking sites, web services. He can perform network footprinting. He can scan to identify open-pots services, those parts. So with various ways he will try to gather information, start in detail information or in a deeper way he tries to gather information about the target. That is me. Let us say and he will try to focus now on the weapons. So as we know guys before launching an attack, obviously have seen in the movies, they will be ready with their weapons. Here also same thing in the second phase weapons. He will be prepared, he will be focusing on the weapons. Let us take in this example a key logger. Key logger is a malware which records each and every key strokes here. So once he has gathered information about me, second he is preparing the weapon, he has taken the key logger. Now he will consider a fishing peach. He will create a fake peach or fishing peach and he will try to insert this key logger here. And totally this peach or the respective malicious link will be created that two are infected web page has been created which we can further say as malicious link. Now we will focus on the delivery part. So under the delivery he will choose gmail application. He knows that I am a professional ethical hacker so I am interested in cybersecurity field. So he will try to check the domain as gmail application because we professionals we always open the mails right. So first thing is he gathered information about me as much as possible in a deeper search and then he prepared his weapon. He wants to attach key logger under some fishing page and he is trying to check for a domain now. So finally in the gmail application with the attractive message he will try to send a malicious link to my system. So once I open that email so if I attracted message like if he sends me the message like from America you are getting a good offer on forensic investigator definitely anybody can open that message right. So he will manipulate the victim here he has manipulated me here and finally I have opened the message let's say if I will be clicking on that malicious link which he has sent. I will be not knowing that is a malicious link but very eagerly I will try to open that particular part. Okay. Frontend the America website is getting launched back end are key logger are getting executed and they are exploiting all my floss under my system. So key logger has been installed in the back end and they are exploiting my floss in the system. So overall he has taken a command a control on my system. So overall he can take further any actions. So this is what the cyber kill chain methodology is. So first thing is he will try to gather information as much as possible about me and he will prepare his weapon. So in this example we have just considered a key logger since he has used the key logger here when he has taken a complete control how did he take the control. So key logger have it. Key logger are the ones who they are the one they recorded each and every key strokes of mine of the user and they transfer the system passwords, the banking passwords almost all the things to attack or who is sitting remotely at a remote location. And finally on the floss were exploited key logger was successfully installed and further he took a command and he took a control on my system. And finally further he can take any kind of actions on according to his motto. So here is let me just show you your once again the respective diagram. Yes. So your recon second phase weaponization third we have a delivery where mine you know he focuses on the domain. So weapon to get delivered and further exploitation and installation front end whatever the fishing page it was you know he was sent here by him I was used to check but back end all the respective key logger will be installed and executed further he has taken a control on my asset and he will be destroying the asset. So this is what the cyber kill chain methodology here. Okay. So yes let us end this cyber kill chain concept. Thank you.