 See here we have something called framing. See in phishing you already know there is something called iFrame. iFrame is nothing but it's a tag in the HTML program through iFrame. What you can do suppose this is the website. You can create one more frame and you can put some you can be able to display some other website as well. Here. And also along with this code you want to put some malicious code inside this iFrame and someone a legitimate user clicks on this a malware can be installed in this device. So this is the concept behind framing and click jacking both comes along with each other. So I hope you got this. Baseband is nothing but the gsm that is present in your smartphone device that there is something called baseband processor which will send radios signals to cell towers by exploiting that the attackers can attack. So there is one more one example here we'll show you in further slides. Smishing is similar to phishing only but it will be conducted through SMS. All these apart from that these things comes under this app code only configuration manipulation and dynamic runtime injection all these comes in that source code of the app only by downloading the source code he can manipulate the app or some functionalities of the app all those please. Then we have something called zip directory transversal this is nothing but if a person can able to manipulate you are a tampering parameter tampering if we can able to change all the some of the things in you are all and able to access some of the directories which he suppose not to visit. So that is called as zip directory transversal. Man in the middle packets and if you think all these things you know right so most of the attacks are there already bgm is nothing but border gateway protocol here what's happen. Suppose there is a router here in the network infrastructure and so many systems are present. What attacker can do he can able to manipulate the something called routing cable in the router and able to access all the IP address of this is of these species that is present in the network. DNS poisoning and DNS cache poisoning. HTTP proxies nothing but using proxy server in hacking web application I have explained you. So both suite we can able to intercept the data traffic between client and server and also we can able to modify the data traffic. Apart from that what if we are using fake SS certificate that is nothing but the week encryption in the if there is week encryption present in any website or web application it will be vulnerable for the attacker SSL strip is nothing but downgrading the encryption like suppose there is TLS encryption transport layer it will down you can downgrade to SSL and conduct the attack. So that is that rogue access point suppose if you find any open wireless network in surrounding area don't connect to that Wi-Fi it will be vulnerable attacker can give you free Wi-Fi access point and he can able to as soon as you get connect to that Wi-Fi network he can get access to or can conduct some attack. So that is that and what about other things SQL injection data dumping is nothing but what attacker can do by some using some of the commands injection commands he can able to extract some of the data from data. See here what are these things if attacker get able to access to your smartphone what are the things he can do these are the things he can do we can get access to all the things that are present in your smartphone like audio camera call locks location SMS messages and also he can steal all these things like account details contacts phone number data through app if any vulnerabilities in the application so that he can steal so he can even conduct DDoS attack by compromising your smartphone so so many things he can do once he get access to your smartphone. So there are some of the mobile attack vectors here three see first one is the malware through malware once I'll show you an example how we can install rootkit in some smartphone and how we can able to access all the things that have seen data tampering see jail broken device or rooted devices nothing but once you if you root the device what so many things you can do you can alter the system apps or modify the OS that is present in the smartphone all these things he can do data loss once the attacker get access to your device physically he can able to steal all your data then there is something called data in expel tradition it's nothing but expel trading or extracting the data from your device through even through print screen or screen scraping as well like if you have seen the print screen screenshot through screenshot also you can strap some of the details so all these things that comes in mobile attack vectors and also there are some of the vulnerabilities and risks you can see whenever you download something from any place to make sure that is from trust catch source and also after installing make sure whatever the permissions you are giving suppose you are downloading some VPN like express VPN or something make sure what what are the permissions you are giving to that particular app so you need to make sure all these things while downloading that apart from that there is something called sandboxing I'll explain you in further slide what exactly sandboxing means there are some single little plate applications as well in which can you can root the device like king root or king go root of something like that apart from that there are different applications that are available for particular device for example one plus has given you access to root your device they have shown you in their official youtube channel itself they have provided you all the necessary drivers applications to flash your phone or root your phone as so so many things you can do and so many vulnerabilities that are there excessive permission physical attacks privacy issues all these things I have explained so you can look out what are the vulnerabilities or risks that are there in through these risks hacker or attacker can get able to utilize or exploit these vulnerabilities