 Hello everyone. So in this video, let's talk about malware analysis. So malware analysis it is a process of determining the purpose and the functionality of a given malware sample. So in malware analysis, we'll basically understand how the malware functions, how to identify the malware and how to eliminate it at the end of the day. So why are we doing this malware analysis? So malware analysis can be done with various objectives in my mind. So basically I can do this malware analysis to understand the capability set of malware, it remind how malware functions or assess the damage or to determine the nature and purpose of malware. Excuse me. So we have different types of malware analysis. Static malware analysis, dynamic malware analysis, manual and automated. So let's see each one. So talking with the first one, static malware analysis. So this is a method used by analysts or cyber security professionals to analyze and understand the malicious software without executing it. So without executing or running it to analyze that is called our static analysis. So this is conducted by examining the core unstructured of the malware file rather than running it. So in static malware analysis, the first step is to obtain a copy of the malware file without execution. So this will be my first step. So this can be done by downloading the file from the safe environment or extracting it from a suspicious email attachment or any software downloaded. So we need to just get this without running it. Then your second step in your static analysis would be core inspection. So analysts, what they do, they'll examine the core of the malware file to understand its structure. So they basically inspect the core to understand its structure. Functions are commands and potential malicious actions. So for core inspection, we'll use specialized tools and techniques to disassemble or decompaile the core. So this will unveil the underlying instructions and logic. So after we check out the core, we'll try to analyze it. So by analyzing the core, what we can do is we can identify various characteristics of the malware. So we can find the characteristics of the malware such as file type or what are the encryption methods which is used, what are the communication protocols for load and potential payloads like your spyware, key logger or ransomware. So we can get that. So that was static analysis. So just to recall in static malware analysis, what we'll do, we will try to analyze it without executing or running it. So coming to the advantages. So the major advantage of your static analysis, it is non-introsive. So static analysis does not require running the malware. So running the malware is not required. So making it non-introsive method, which just reduces the risk of infecting the systems or networks during analysis. The efficiency is quite high because it can be performed rapidly or quickly. Allowing analysts to rapidly assess and classify malware based on its characteristics. So that was about static analysis. So in static malware analysis, it is a technique for understanding the characteristics, structure and potential impact of malware without executing it. So that was static malware analysis. So let's see the second type, which is dynamic analysis. So in dynamic malware analysis, we will, what we'll do is we'll, it is used to understand and analyze malicious software by observing its behavior. So we'll basically observe its behavior in a controlled, isolated environment. So what we'll do is in dynamic malware analysis, we will run this malware in a safe controlled environment. So we will run this and save controlled environment. So we can use sandbox. So this sandbox is like a virtual playground where the malware can be executed without harming the real computer or network. So what we'll do here, once we run that in the sandbox, we will monitor its actions. We'll monitor its actions. So as the malware runs in the sandbox, what we'll do is we'll observe and monitor its actions. Your actions can be modifications, which is annoying. Modifications are what are the network connections it is trying to build. Or any attempts to exploit the vulnerabilities that can be the monitoring actions, which we'll try to observe. So the major difference between this static analysis and dynamic analysis is, so unlike static analysis, what we'll do? So unlike static analysis, it focuses on examining the code on structure of the malware. Your dynamic analysis, it just allows us to see how the malware behaves in real time. So we can understand how this malware behaves in real time. So this can include how the infections are spreading, what are the payload delivery methods, or what are the communications methods with the external server and much more. So some of the advantages of time and dynamic analysis is real time insights. So it will provide real time insights on how malware behaves and interacts with the systems. Because we have deploying it on some environment, right? Some controlled environment. So we can also detect behavioral patterns. So we can also identify the patterns and signatures that can be used for threat detection in future. Then it can also be assisted. It can also be used for response preparation. So it assists in developing response strategies and mitigation measures based on the observed malware behavior. So those were some advantages. But the major drawback, major drawback of or the major limitation in is resource intensive. So your dynamic analysis environments like your sandbox requires significant resources and infrastructure to execute malware safely and efficiently. So that was dynamic analysis. So that was about malware analysis. Thank you.