 So cryptography is an ancient art and science of writing in secret message. From ancient times only cryptography was there in order to send some secret messages from one person to another person. They use this cryptography technique. In Greek cryptomines, hiding and graphene means writing. See here, see this is the text plain text that is hello. When we do encryption with the help of some key, it will look something like this. After the VVU use that same key to decrypt it, it will give us back that original message. So this is the basic simple concept of cryptography. So there are three things you need to remember here. Three terms cryptology, cryptography and crypt analysis. Cryptology is nothing but study of. Study of codes. Cryptography. That means creating secret codes. And there is one more term called cryptanalysis. You may be familiar with the term logic, biology, geology, all those things. That is basically this means study. Crypto means about that hidden message. So basically cryptology means study of these hidden codes. Cryptography is writing or creating the secret codes. Crypto, cryptanalysis is nothing but study of. Study of these cryptographic algorithms. We will go through some of these algorithms. And breaking these secret codes. So these are the three terminologies you need to remember. And one, the person who does cryptanalysis that is breaking off these secret codes, that person we call him as cryptanalysis. So these are the terminologies you need to remember. Cryptology, cryptography and cryptanalysis. What cryptanalysis do? He will decipher a cipher text to derive the plain text. Whatever this bunch of number letters or different numbers are there, this term, it is the cipher text. Cryptanalyst, what he'll do? He'll decipher into this plain text. Basically decrypting this code. So that person we called as cryptanalysis. This can next we'll move on to some of the basic terminologies. Encryption, that is nothing but the process of converting this kind of normal message into this cipher text by using some encryption key. This process is called as encryption. The cipher text is the plain text we call as decryption. Similar to that we have plain text for the text, which we are transmitting or to be transmitted. The cipher text is that our encrypted message after encryption, whatever we see, these bunch of different letters, random letters, these are nothing but cipher text. Algorithm is nothing but you use, we use algorithm in many different mathematical areas. So these are nothing but algorithm is nothing but a mathematical formula that we used in these encryption and decryption. We'll go through some of these algorithms that we use in encryption technology. Cipher is nothing but that particular algorithm which we used is called as cipher only. This is the definition of algorithm, what algorithm is and cipher is the algorithm which we use. There are so many algorithms we can use like MD5, Shaavan, RSA, MD4. So many, I think we discussed this in a system hacking class if you remember. Then there is a key that is nothing but some value that we use during the encryption process. So a person need this key to decrypt that particular message. Otherwise we can't, we can't ever decrypt that whatever the cipher text that was given to us. So these were the some of the terminologies that you need to remember. These are the steps we'll go on follow. I'll show you in a while exactly how this is done. See, this is the plain text hello or whatever. First, we'll use some key, some value for the encryption and it will be converted into cipher text similar to like this. Here hello is converted to some string of letters like this after encryption. So then we, we, this another person needed same exact key to decrypt this cipher text into the original message. So here for he must remember one thing, he should deliver this cipher text separately and this key separately. If he tried to deliver it together, what happens if it get hands on some of some middleman what he can do, he can use that key to decrypt and read their secret message. So that's the most important reason why we should transmit this and this separately to the sender for which we need to send. So these were the steps of cryptography. I hope it's plain and simple. So okay, these were the things why we use cryptography because of these reasons authentication, privacy, confidentiality, integrity and non-trip addition authentication. What exactly is authentication in authentication? What we'll do will identify that exact person will authenticate that person with his username and password. If if we find that these credentials as valid will authenticate him and give him give this person the access access to his data. So that was the one of the reason privacy or confidentiality your message need to be the main confidential it should not get into any third party or middle person get hands on that. You should make sure it it only receives and read by the sender whom we are willing to send the audio mean by integrity. Okay, basically integrity means what after authentication when you log into your account with your username and password you get access to your data after accessing your data. You should know or you can check whether your data is present as it is or not or whether it has been tampered or modified or deleted. It shouldn't have it shouldn't be it should be there as it is as you have left it to like that. It should not be modified deleted tampered or manipulated that's the concept of integrity and what is non-trip addition here we use something called the digital signatures will enforce digital signatures to verify whether this is coming from that particular sender or not. Suppose I am to I'm about to receive some document from some official organization with the help of this digital signature I can verify whether it is from this original organization or company or not. So that's the concept of non-trip addition so these are the things so in order to prevent all these things what why that's why we use cryptography.