 So, what is OT? Nothing but operation technology. So, what this operation technology includes? It includes both hardware and software. With the help of this, we can able to control and manage all these industrial devices. Or industrial operations. See, have you visited any of these factories or industries like chocolate factory or tea factory? Something like this. See, if you see, they use different kinds of all these automated machines. In order to do some of the tasks. So, all those machines will be controlled and managed through this operation technology. Under this operation technology, we have something called ICS, that is industrial control system. So, with the help of this, we can able to control all these machines. And if you see here, see, these are the devices that comes under OT or operation technology. What are these OT devices? You can see in utility sector, which will be used in electricity, water, grid, gas filling and all these things. And transportation, surveillance, traffic signal, fire extinguisher, robot of course, biometric, in healthcare, in MRI scan, ECG machine. All these machines in the industrial sector industries or any of these other sectors, which will be managed and controlled through this industrial control systems that comes under operation technology. Under industrial control system or ICS, we have something called SCADA. What is this SCADA? That is nothing but supervisory control and data acquisition. We can able to control all these industrial devices, automated machines. And we can able to capture all the data that is being there. Under SCADA, I can see three things that is distributed control systems. Remote terminal units, Rtu. And of course, PLC saw programmable logic control systems. If you see the programmable logic control system, it is pretty much as the name says, you can define any kind of logic. Suppose that machine has to do a specific task for this amount of time. Then it needs to shift to some other task. All those logical things, what you can do, you can write a code and send that to that particular hardware. That hardware machine that will follow this logical program and will do the task as specified. All that system, control system that comes under programmable logic control system. Apart from that, we have remote terminal units that we can able to access those or control those machines through remote code execution. Apart from that, we have distributed control system. This distributed control system is nothing but we have different kind of control system in order to control some of the specific machines. So all these things come sender SCADA that is our ICS industrial control system. I hope you got the brief overview of how these things works. Then see, we have all these, you can see all the devices that comes under OT. This is operation technology, initiate control system under this. We have SCADA. Under SCADA, these three things comes distributed control system, remote terminal unit and programmable logic control system. These are the components that are present in the operation technology. Then we have some of the terminologies that we need to remember. These assets are pretty much straightforward. They are nothing but all these physical assets. Whatever the hardware machines that are there like network devices, PLCs, some of the servers, workstations, host machines, all these things that are there, firewalls, formways, all these comes and on assets and of course under physical assets. Then there is something called zones and conduits. These zones of conduits are nothing but there is the segregation of this network. What we are segregating here, we are segregating our industrial network and business network. See, business network is a typical network infrastructure. You can see in any of the company or organization. Whereas industrial network is concerned, this is the network in which we can able to control all these OT devices, these automated machines that are there in the industry. In order to control that, we will have a separate network that we call as industrial network. These are some of the terminologies and apart from that, we have some more. Some of the industrial protocols. If you are familiar with our network portals, we have HTTP, TCP, UDP and all those things in order to have a transfer, some of the transmit data from one host machine to other machine or through the network. Similarly, here we have some main for in order to have some serial communication between these OT devices. We use some of the protocols. So these are some of those protocols, S7, CDA, CIP and all these protocols. Then we have something called network perimeter. We use most of these things like fire volts and all those things in the network perimeter. So that all the host machines devices that are there inside the network in internet, network will be secure. So you can assume that as well. Then we have electronic security perimeter. There are fences that are their physical electronic fences that are they keep around the building for the security purpose. That's about electronic security perimeter. There is something called this critical infrastructure. In infrastructure, there are some of the core instruments or devices or assets that we use, which controls or manage all these automations. So those infrastructure or things we call them as critical infrastructure. Because if they don't, these things are affected. The whole entire entire industry will be shut down. You can't able to work any more or anything. So these are some of the terminologies that you can remember. Then apart from this, we have something called IT and OT convergence. See, you remember IoT? We spoke about so many different kinds of things like cloud. How we can able to use internet layer in order to have the connection between edge layer technology and application layer. Then how we can able to transmit the data to the cloud. How we can able to get collected data. So all those things if we of IoT concept that are there. If we use those things in our industrial operations in order to monitor our these automated devices, OT devices. Then that system we can call as I, I, OT. That is industrial internet of things. So if we take all the advantages, pros of these IoT and OT's and if we merge to this together, we'll get some of these things. We'll have improved security, quality and productivity that we can call this term as industry 4.0. Basically, this version name that we are giving. Suppose before this in 3.0, we have started introducing some of the automated machines and all these things. If we make these machines even more smarter, like connecting these to internet, connecting these to network. So these making, basically we are making these devices smart. Like they can communicate between each of these devices can communicate with each other through internet. And then they can automate their work. So all those things come center version 4.0. So I hope you are getting the concept or idea of what I, OT, Convergence is.