 And this thing, we'll be looking into analyzing the cyber threats with 10. So as we have covered all the topics earlier, so I'll be just going into the D.AX implementation. So let's see. So what exactly D.DOS attacks? So you guys already might have an idea about this because this is not very new to you. So a D.DOS attack is a malicious attempt to disrupt a normal traffic of a target, etc. A service or network by over-helming with the flood of internet traffic or by, you can say, by bots or by zombies. Right. So you can see this in this particular image which I have attached here. I have an attacker. And what is an attacker doing? It's basically creating a bot. Let's say it's creating a three bots. This is a bot. And these are more bots which are getting generated. Right. So what is happening as we can see that as a number of bots are getting generated and it is going to a particular server. What's happening is server is getting overworked with lots of bots and it's getting priest and you can say it's getting stopped. Right. That means if any new user is going to access that, he cannot access it. Right. So let's see how we can catch all of these things when a server is being attacked by a D.DOS. So what happens whenever some particular server gets comes into picture, what happens to server generates some kind of traffic. Right. So what is the traffic is the connection which we are getting from the multiple bots and all. So the traffic gets recorded. Right. We had an idea about taking down the traffic. So let's say for example, whenever you this traffic comes into picture and basically generates some type of data like this which comes into your forward packet, lent me your forward packet size average. So you can have a quick look on top of this what exactly all the things we have. So we will see that how we can use all these things in order to find is the particular server is getting attacked by a D.DOS attack or it's normally getting accessed by a user. So for that, I will go to my Jupyter notebook to show you a practical implementation about this. So this is the file about your D.DOS attack detection. So let's see here. So this things we might have not discussed earlier, but let's see. Here there are certain packages of Python that is pandas and all. So we'll be using that in order to do the detection. So let's see. So first of all, I will go and input the pandas and I will read the data of the D.DOS. And you can see that these are your flow ID to timestamp your forward packet, lent me and all sort of the information I have. And the last one you can see that I can also see the label. This label will be saying that is it a D.DOS attack or is it a benign? benign basically means that it's a normal user accessing the system. So basically I have one like one like data points for both. So I will be feeding those data to a machine and a model and we will be checking the accuracy of it. So let's see how does that works. So here, if I go with df.info it basically shows me the information about the data. So the particular columns, the data type of it basically that's its integer protein, what exactly is this. And now if you go into the value counts, so it will see that for benign, I'm having one like for ddos, I'm having one like. So basically is the part of doing the training of creating of independent values, dependent values, which we have dropped in the first two classes. So now what happens? I'm going to split my data into 80% training and 80% testing data. So let me just give you a quite glimpse about it, what exactly we're trying to do. Let's say this is a data set which we have, what are we trying to do? We are trying to split the data into two parts. So what I'm doing here, this data, I'm taking it for the training purpose and this data I'm taking it for the testing purpose. Okay, so for this training purpose, I as you have told that this will be used for your model training, your model will learn with this type of data. And for testing purpose, we are going to check that how your model is performing. So that's what we're trying to do. This extreme, this extreme and wide frame is basically used for your training. This excess and wide test is used for your testing purpose. Okay. So now, now same thing, here what I'm trying to do, I'm taking a machine learning model called as random forest classifier. Basically, it's an algorithm which we have. So I'm using that to train my machine learning model in this line of code. So just give a comment here, stating that this is a training. This is a training of model. And this is your model. Now here I'm doing a prediction on top of my testing data, prediction on top of, prediction on testing data simple. And now once you do the prediction, okay, I didn't run this sense of our. Okay. Okay. So now you can see that my machine learning model is getting framed. So this might take a bit of two minutes, not two minutes also. So. Yeah, looks like it's done. So you can see that the prediction has been done. So that's the accuracy of the model. So we can see that the accuracy of model is around 100%. That means whenever someone is performing a data attack, we can classify that. It is a data attack attack. But whenever someone is coming, let's say for a normal user is accessing the server, we can also classify that. That's a behind or basically indicates that it's a normal traffic. So that's how we can detect a DDoS attack through some data. Thank you guys.