 Okay, what is impersonation of social engineering sites? What these attackers or hackers do? They somehow gather information about a particular employee from a company and they create a fake social media account in the name of that employee. After creating the fake profile, they start sending requests to other genite legitimate employees of the company and they ask them to join them to these employee groups forums and in all the social media. As soon as they are able to join that group, they could able to get, they could able to collect so many sensitive information about that particular, particular company. So these are some of the things these attackers or hackers can do from social networking sites. So what are the risks of social networking for to corporate networks or corporate company? There is risk of data theft because a hacker can collect so many different kinds of data from social networking sites. All the details about a particular company and all the details about the employees that are working in that company. Why this happens? Because some of the employees, they may unknowingly post some of the sensitive data about their company. So that the attacker utilizes these and can able to collect all these information. And also, there could be some vulnerability in the network that we could, we should able to fix in order to prevent this social engineering attacks. What are, what is identity theft? When a hacker or attacker steals your personally identifiable information such as your radar card, pan card or any of these and also such as driver license, these are some of the documents which we can call as personally identifiable information. So what these hackers or attackers do, they steal some of these personally identifiable information and they able to commit some crime by using your information. Suppose, let's take an example, what they can able to do, they, if they able to clone or steal your RDIF tax, they can able to physically access the facility of your company. So these are some of the things they could able to do, if they able to steal all these things and information. So this is what we call as identity theft. Then there is something called insider attack. Let's take an example of two rival companies and one company want to destroy other, what they can do, they can prepare someone for the, they can find the job opening in that particular target company and prepare someone for the job interview. Once the person is get hired in that particular organization, they can take the revenge, they can start something called insider attack. The person once he gets access inside the building, he can able to do so many things as an employee of that company. Like he could able to format all the files that are present in our system and he could compromise so many different systems, host machines that are present in the company. So how we can prevent that, we can prevent by separation and rotation of duties, what happens here, we could able to count able to gather so many information about this and we should give least privilege as a new employee of that company. Control, access, not allowing much access about different directories and different files, logging and auditing, keeping monitoring the all logging and log out activities, legal policies that we can sign him, make him sign some agreement so that he can't reveal these sensitive information outside, archive the some of the critical data so that only some of important data should be revealed to this employee. So these are some of the things we could able to do to prevent the insider threats. So what are the some of the countermeasures that we can use in order to prevent the social engineering attack? So these are some of the countermeasures. Training or education is the most important factor educating your employees to against these social engineering attack is the most important countermeasure. Apart from that, we can set some of the guidelines or rules in order to make sure that our sensitive information is secured and access the privileges. We can create some of these accounts such as administrator, account user and guest accounts with proper authorization like only getting making them and giving them access to only some of these files, not everything or any sensitive information. Classification of information we can even classify the information like some of the top secret information we can hide and some of the public use information we can give access to other employees or other guest accounts, proper incidents and response times like there should be a proper guidelines. As soon as there is a social engineering attempt, we should get able to get the details of that attack and we can able to stop that in real time. There should be a proper background check and termination process of the employees. So we can able to figure out whether they are coming from different tribal company or not. So even there should be proper termination process so that we could fire away as soon as we could able to figure out the background of that particular employee. We could also use some of the anti-virus programs software as well to minimize the social engineering attacks and of course by using two factor authentication, we can able to stop some of these social engineering attacks. Then also we could use some of the tools such as netcraft and fish tank. With the help of these tools, we could able to stop social engineering attacks.