 So, apart from that we have something called DDoS and stopable, why it is unstoppable? Because of these reasons, sheer volume of sources involved so many tons of host machines will send the request so it is difficult for any web server to handle. So even and one more thing if it is spoofed, no, there is no able to, no, we can't able track down the source where these packets are coming. So that's also one of the reason. See one more example I have given you, these packets may be blocked at firewall but what happens here? It will over in coming site, no other people can't able to send the legitimate data and traffic to your you. So that's one of other things. So it has been, it's the once it started, it's difficult to stop this DDoS attack. So these are some of the reasons why we can't able to stop this DDoS attack. See it is pretty much straightforward. Write a virus that will send ping packets. I have shown you how ping with the help of ping command we can able to send ping request to the particular target. What if we use some malware that can send automated ping commands using class on 30,000 computers. So with the help of 30,000 computers, you can perform the DDoS attack. And also how these wake up signals will be sent to zombies. Of course through command and control servers, I have told you about. So as soon as these wake up signals will be sent through those control servers through these zombies, zombies will start attacking sending those ping requests to this particular target and they'll flood the target with so many data packets. Hope you got the idea. Then we have some of these things. How can we can able to stop these effects of DDoS attacks? There is two things we can remember. See one. Instead of one web server, if we use multi server architecture, we can balance the load that has been there for one web server. We can balance the load and send some data request to this second server. So this is the multi server architecture. With the help of this, we can able to mitigate some of the effects of DDoS attack. Then apart from that, we have something called throttling. What this throttling means? Like we can able to minimize the adjust of the level of incoming traffic. Suppose, let's see, suppose this is a server. You can do throttling. Like you can throttle this web server to receive 100, only 100 number of requests. Only these legitimate 100 people can get the response and this server will not or website won't crash. You can do this as well, but it will be not reliable for some of the big web site or one who has so many customers or clients. This is not feasible, but this is feasible for some of the new web site or startups. You can use this kind of technique. So these are some of the two techniques we can do in order to mitigate or stop some of these DDoS attacks. Then, we have some of the techniques we can do with the help of honey pots. See, remember, I think I haven't explained you anything about honey pots. Suppose, let's take an example of this one only. This is a network infrastructure. So many systems are present in this network infrastructure and this is what is this. This could be a firewall. This could be a hardware device or even a software program. This could be anything. It will stop all the malicious data traffic that will be sent to this network infrastructure and also it will discard those data packets. So, what we are doing before connecting to internet? What we'll do? So, suppose this is the internet. So, we will put here something called honey pot. What is this honey pot? This honey pot could be like virtual host machine which has some virtual OS and also some fake data. So, as soon as for attacker, somehow get access to this network and somehow access to this machine which is outside of the firewall, what happens? This attacker will think, okay, I have got access to this network. I have got access to some of the data. I have successfully completed my established my attack or something like that. So, basically what we can do? As soon as we see, okay, someone has got access to our honey pot, we can able to prepare for this attack and we can able to secure all our network. Find out some of the vulnerabilities and we can able to secure all these other PCs that are present in our network infrastructure. With the help of this honey pot also, we can able to deflect the data's attack. So, instead of what this attacker will think, he'll think this honey pot has a legitimate or original OS host machine and he'll start attacking or flooding the data packets to this honey pot instead of this original host machine system machines. So, this is how you can able to with the help of honey pots, you can able to deflect these data's attacks.