 So, so now we will study about LDAP animation. So LDAP, first thing is it is a lightweight directory access protocol here. Okay, so let us first study about LDAP and then let us come with the innovation technique here. So LDAP it is a lightweight directory access protocol. So here it is one of the most famous software protocol. Okay. So it is the one software protocol which enables, you know, anyone to locate data about organizations, individuals and other resources like, you know, files, devices in a network, whether on the public network or a corporate internet here. So there can be a question what is LDAP and why it has been used, right? So yes, it is the protocol here, okay, which helps users find data about organizations, okay, it may be about persons and more. So main thing is it has two goals here, okay, very important goals. First thing is to store data and it is directory and LDAP directory here, okay. So second thing is it authenticate, it helps in authentication mechanism, it authenticate users in order to access this directory here, okay. So as we know in company, so many departments will be there, right? If we consider this as company, okay, let us say this is a company. So that means here there will be HR team, there will be designer team, there will be website developers, right? So there will be a cyber security team, networking team, you know, graphic designer team, sales team, so many teams will be there, right? So it will be managing all their authentication parts, okay. So whatever the data, that will be their data, everything the data, about organization, about the employees and many more sensitive information will be stored in this LDAP active directory part, okay. So main difference is the LDAP as well as the active directory is, LDAP is a standard application protocol, okay, where active directory is just a proprietary product, okay. So let us just take the example here, okay, of LDAP and we need to know the port number of LDAP also, the very important is 3H9 here, okay. It is a default port for an encrypted LDAP communication, okay. So now let us just see, okay, the LDAP enumeration, how it happens is through slides. So yes, when it comes to LDAP enumeration here as we know, it is used to access directory listings, okay, within an active directory from other directory services, okay. So we can have a look for diagram. So this is what us, if a user is trying to access some application, okay. So user needs some specific credentials, right. So once the credential is given, it goes to directly to LDAP active directory part. It directly goes to LDAP database and then from here the authorize request goes to active directory. So here active directory, we know that it's a database where all your user names, passwords, system passwords, application passwords, their user names, everything is stored in this database, where in this active directory part. So this LDAP is a protocol which is helping us to talk to this active directory, okay. Directly our authorize request is not moving to active directory. It goes to LDAP database and this protocol further helps us in moving, you know, in forwarding our request to active directory. Further it validates, it checks for authorization and authentication here in active directory and finally, it gives us the permission to enter to that respective application here. So overall you just can see how LDAP works here, see whatever our business applications, it everything, the respective information, it is being stored in this LDAP directory. It may be a regarding our email part, it may be regarding our authentication, authorization, any license management, anything we can consider here, okay. So anything it will be stored here in the LDAP. So it was created at 1993, okay, by Tim and Steve here. So that also a very important point further they can ask you in the, you know, international exam. So yeah, so in the organization as you can see there will be directory, you know, there will be a tree structure, right. So overall LDAP is managing these all things, okay. So yeah, so what he tries to, you know, conduct LDAP enumeration here, okay. So where the technique used to enuminate the active directory actually here, okay. So yes, so he tries to almost extract lots of information through the active directory here, okay. Yes, so the process of getting information, you know, about AD, about active directory and about all the valuable data such as user accounts, system configuration, group memberships, all the relevant network information can be obtained through this LDAP enumeration technique. So yes, your we finishes this topic. Thank you.