 So, here you guys can see the PPT also have mentioned a complete you know the definition of foot printing always remember it is the first step of any attack ok. This is the first phase of hacking and ethical hacking also even if we want to perform a professional ethical hacker if they want to perform any security assessment always they go for this first phase ok. Next we also have a recurrences as I told you it is a part of larger process which is known as recurrences here ok. And here this also a information gathering stage. Don't get confused between foot printing and recurrences. When you hear about these terminologies always remember recurrences foot printing is nothing but a first step of any attack and they are the first phase of ethical hacking or hacking here what we do here attacker before launching an attack he tries to gather as much as information ok. But the thing is recurrences is the larger process foot printing is the subset of recurrences clear. So, here as I told you we have a two types of foot printing. So, here I have mentioned the you know the definition also. So, next the very important question what information he tries to obtain right under this phase. So, three types of information it has been categorized as organization information network information system information ok. So, three types of information he tries to obtain under foot printing. Here you guys can see the objectives of foot printing under network what all the things he tries to do yeah. So, under system information under organization information what he tries to collect here. So, under network information we can go through he always focuses on domain name IP addresses of all internal IPs TCP UDP services network blocks ok. And we also have ACLs VPN points access control list telephone numbers, hath authentication mechanisms these all comes under network information we also have system information he will check our OS which OS they are dealing with whether they are dealing with the Linux whether they are dealing with the you know windows Linux or Mac everything they used to check here ok. So, all the system names the passwords the remote machine IPs everything will be cross checked ok. So, this is the system information which he is trying to check here ok. And we also have organization information as you people know he will try to first the information of employee as details right complete organization website. So, when it comes to organization the individuals under which team they are and their address phone numbers their background on this organization everything comes here right. So, these are the main objectives of footprinting here ok. So, here we have we also have a routing table can anybody help me what is a routing table here. Guys always remember routing table it is nothing but a set of rules ok. Sometimes often you have done table format. So, always this table will be used to determine where the data packets are traveling over an IP network ok that will be particularly directed. So, usually they are stored inside the RAM memory of forwarding devices that maybe such as routers or network switches here clear. There be three types of routing static routing default routing and dynamic one ok clear. I need out see you clear guys.