 Hi everyone, so let's focus on types of scanning as well as the corollal scanning methodologies here. Okay, and the subtopic of this is we let us discuss both on scanning methodology as well as on scanning tools. So under the scanning tools first let us focus on scanning methodology. So here first thing is attacker, the check for life systems. So the pink or you know other type of way they find to determine for live hosts. So the check for life systems and the check for open foods. So here once they know about a live host type is they can scan them for listening foods. Third methodology we have a scan beyond ideas. As it's an intuition detection system here if needed attackers they try to use methods in order to scan beyond the detection systems. Sometimes they even try to evade ideas. Okay, using proxies. Sometimes they even go with spoofing technique and even sometimes they go for fragmented packets technique in order to evade these detection systems and so on. And their fourth methodology is perform banner grabbing. So here banner grabbing is one of the best technique where attacker tries to perform OS finger printing. So they overall try to determine OS here using this banner grabbing technique. It's a very easiest technique. Under command prompt you just can't ping IP or a domain name. So we need to focus on TTL values time to live if it's 128 it's 4 windows means the target is dealing with windows. If it's 64 that means Linux they are dealing with Linux. If it's 2 55 they are connected with Cisco rootos. So in this way just by analyzing TTL values and windows fields if attacker is trying to perform OS finger printing this technique is called banner grabbing here. And let us study about fifth methodology here. The events can for vulnerabilities. So here they used to focus on tools at the vulnerabilities of open systems. So they used to use tools like an asus. It comes under windows tool. We also have next post open was. Quiles and Niktio. Niktio is a call to one of the best tool to check the server side vulnerability here. So these are the tools attackers used to use and even penetration testers the the web and list they use in order to perform security audits. The sixth methodology methodology is they use boxes. Okay. You know sometimes what happens is so they think about them. Yeah. In order to keep themselves in a hidden mode. So they use boxes here and also how they use us we have a very good proxy switcher tool where attacker can hide his IP and his location. So the seventh they go with Pentes report. If ethical hacker is conducting this scan second phase. Okay. So he'll be creating a document everything whichever he finds clear. So these comes under scanning methodology here. Let us focus on identifying targets here. So the main question is there is a host discovery. host, host, port and service discovery. So here the easiest way to scan for life system is through ICMB. So because it has its shortcomings and now sometimes you opt on host or that actually alive. So here what happening is let us focus completely on scanning tools. This is the methodology here. Now let's focus on scanning tools. One of the best scanning tool is our network map and map. We also have angry IP scanner. We used to keep the IP ranges here. Once if you are providing the IP ranges it gives us the open ports close ports. The host who are alive who are dead with the with the color representation even they even help us in representing the macros. So you know if you want to fetch a remote machines IPs. Okay. So the network IPs in the network you can easily go with angry IP scanner, advanced IP scanner as well as finger application here. Finger is the Android tool even mac users can use this finger so is one of the best network scanning tool here. So yes we also have mask can which is 1000 times faster than nmap mask and it is the tool under cally with nmap even you can use yes let me finish with mask and it is 1000 times faster than nmap and map you can go with windows as well as you can you know it is an inbuilt application where we have you know under cally we have. So nmap is a network map of free and open source you know it will take for network discovery and also to perform security auditing. Okay. So many systems and network administrators are there right. So they are going to use this one of the useful tool for task such as you know network inventory or if you want to manage some service upgrade schedules if you want to monitor host if you want to completely monitor the service uptime everything can be monitored by using this tool. Okay. So nmap they are going they use a row IP packets okay in order to determine what host are available on the network or all the services application name versions those votes are offering their OS okay their OS versions or all running what type of packet filters firewalls are in use okay. So we have a dozens of characteristics under this nmap here. So these are the very important tools and also we deal with proxy switcher attackers use to use this proxy switcher in order to hide their application and location. So these are the network scanning tools nmap and the app is can't advance app is can't do think if I and g mask and the boxes which are so here and your scanning tools. Thank you.