 Hello everyone. So in this video, we're looking to malicious threat detection. So basically, we'll see how we can detect malicious URL using machine learning in Python. So in this video, we'll also discuss how we can detect malicious URL using the lexical features. We'll also be looking into how we can extract the features from the URL and we'll at the end, we'll use a boosted tree machine learning approach to build up a model. So just to have a look about your malware. So in the recent past, we have witnessed a significant increase in your cyber attacks such as ransomware, pushing, injection of malware, and many other things. So on different websites and all over the world, we have seen this. As a result of this, various financial institutions, e-commerce companies, and individuals, then curl huge financial laws. So in such type of scenarios, cyber security analyst play a major role. So for cyber professionals, it's a type of, they just need to know what are the types of attacks we're coming day by day. Note some of the recent sources. According to my cafe, according to my cafe, I just created 30,000 or 300,000 new pieces of malware daily. And on average, 30,000 new websites have had every day. So according to this was according to the books. So the above quotes or what are quotes I just said now they determine how rapidly these machine malicious websites are spreading. So first, let's understand. What is in your data? So you are in. We all know URL is nothing but uniform resource, locator. So it is nothing but a well-defined structure format with unique address. So it is having the unique address for accessing websites through the wild-wide web. So with this URL, you can access the websites through the wild-wide web. So generally, these are the basic terms that make up a URL. So whenever I talk about URL, there are many things. So let's talk about the components of your URL. First one, we have the protocol. So these are the three basic components that make up a URL. First one protocol. So it is basically identified or it is basically an identifier that determines what protocol to use. Whether it is HTTP, HTTPS, or etc. Then the second one, it's the host name. So second one, it is the host name. So host name is also called as your resource name. So it contains in this host name, it contains IP address or the domain name. And so this is where the actual resource is located. So first one, it's a protocol. So here in this example, we're using HTTPS protocol. And the second one, it's a host name which contains IP address, domain name. So here, it's learnmwild.in.edu. Then at last, we have the path, the third one. So it's specified the actual path where the resources located. So as per this figure, this learnml by this is the domain name. And the top level domain is another component of this domain name, which is i in.edu. And dot com or dot edu, these are on the top level domains. Now, so that was about your order, the components of your order. What is malicious your order? So I can say in simple words, malicious words are those which are modified or compromised, modified or compromised url. So these are the urls which are employed for cyber attacks, also known as malicious url. So malicious url or website generally contains different types of projects, malware or any content in the form of phishing or drive-by downloads, what's spam things. So the main objective of the malicious website is to steal the personal or financial details of a user. So for example, so we all know due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the incident of during the COVID-19 pandemic, the incident of cyber crime increased in many multi-fold. So malicious urls are highly used techniques by cyber criminals. So in this module, we let us how we can detect malicious urls, how we can detect malicious urls as a multi-class classification by classifying the raw urls into different class types. So here we'll have four types, benign or good urls or safe urls. So we will classify it into multiple categories. Second one, phishing urls, third one, malware and the fourth one, defacement. So we'll classify each url into four parts by extracting the data or extracting the vectors from the url. So how are we going to do that? So I'm just giving you a basic overview. So here, what we'll do, whenever you get a url, we'll extract many features from this. For example, then count of dot. For example, the count of backslashes, the word counts of urls, and many lexical features will extract from this. So we'll look into that in brief. So that is our objective and we'll classify each url into the four categories which we have discussed. So in the next video, we'll see how we can implement a machine learning model such as random forest boosting for classifying or for detecting malicious url. That's all for this video. Thank you.