 Hello everyone. So in this video, let's talk about Trojans. So Trojans, it's a program in which the malicious or the harmful code is continued or it is contained inside and apparently, amulets program or data. So looks, there is no suspicious in the code, but here inside you have a suspicious or malicious code in built. So this malicious code which can later gain control and cause damage. So important thing to know about Trojans is your Trojans will get activated after a predefined actions. So for example, fake email attachments, Trojans can be sent through fake email attachments or fake software which comes up in your PCs. Which comes up in your PCs, it is described, it is or many of the times it is disguised as a legit commit applications. So what is this Trojans? Trojans is a malicious code or it's just a program in which the harmful code it is contained inside and apparently, amulets program. So looks, there is no sufficient in the first look. So some of the popular Trojans attacks in the recent past was we can see the recent attacks, popular ones. The first one is your views, a Trojans attack which happened in 2007. So this was done on the banks to steal the banking info. And second one, something called as I love you. I love you attack in 2000s. In 2000, this was happened. All right, so okay now let's understand the story of the Trojans from the Greek mythology. So during a long war between the Greek and the Trojs, so there was a long war between the Greek and the Trojs. So what happened during the war between the Greek and the Trojs, the Greek, they couldn't break through the city of Trojans. So the came up with this sneaky plan, this Greek people, they came up with this sneaky plan. They built a huge wooden horse and they just left, left it outside the city of the Trojs as if it's a gift or a piece offering from the Greece to the Trojs. So they just left this huge horse behind the voids. So the Trojans are the Trojs, what they thought, they thought that the Greek have given up, the Greek have given up and they have left it. So they bought this wooden horse into the city walls as a trophy, as a trophy. So what this Trojs they didn't know was there were Greek soldiers hiding inside the hollow horse. Inside the hollow horse, there were Greek soldiers. So during the night when everyone was asleep, the hidden Greek soldiers came out of the horse, opened the city gates, they just led the Greek army which had returned secretly, they entered the Troj city, this surprise attack led to the downfall and the the Trojs got defeated at last. So the term Trojans horse now refers to a sneaky tactic or a trick when something seems harmless at the first go or something seems friendly, but actually it is used to gain access or cause harm later. So that's how the term Trojans came into picture. So what is the Trojans horse? So Trojans horse on in simple terms Trojans enters your system disguised as normal, completely normal armless piles or in program, but it tricks you into downloading and installing. So basically you're installing the malware. So as soon as you install this Trojans, you're giving cyber criminals access to your system. So this Trojans horse through this Trojans horse, the cyber criminals they can steal data, they can install more malware on your systems, they can modify files, they can encrypt your files, they can monitor user activity, they can see access the webcam, they can destroy the data, they can steal many information, many things that it can be done. So this is very dangerous. Okay, now let's understand how the Trojans gets into the system. So basically let's understand the Trojans diagram. So you have an attacker. Let's say this is an attacker who programs the Trojans. Who? Then what this attacker does? Once he programs his Trojans, he will send his malicious files over the internet. So this malicious file will be disguised as a simple non-coming software or some code. So he'll send this malicious file over the internet. So obviously you would have set the target. So the target will download the malicious file. Then your victim is, a victim's PC will get infected. Victim is infected with the Trojans. So attacker will try to destroy the victims, they can change or modify the data, they can transmit the data through the channel. So one more thing to remember is, so also please note that Trojans, they create something called as covert communication channel. Trojans create, they are basically used to create covert communication channel. See for example, see drug dealers, they want obviously, they won't deal it on the open network. They use this Trojans to create covert communication links between your victim computer and the dealer. Because if you go with HTTP, it is secured, right? HTTPS, it is secured. We'll have a secured shell. It won't allow this, it won't allow this transaction. So using this Trojans, you can create a covert communication channel to exchange data or to exchange the drop location or something like that. Okay, so we know that any malware, once it gets infected into your system, there are some indications. So now let's see what are the indications of Trojans attack. Indicators of Trojans attack. So some of the symptoms or indications of Trojans attack is first one. Maybe your computer screen links. They can blink, they can flip upside down or maybe it'll get inverted. So that everything is disrupted. All your processes are disrupted. Some other indication is the default wallpaper or the background paper, it'll change automatically. Your wallpaper will change automatically without any process. Maybe the other indication can be your web pages will suddenly open without any input from you. So web pages will suddenly open without initiating. So maybe some pop-up messages will suddenly appear or in some most cases, in some of the cases, your printers can start automatically printing. So it is important that we know how hackers can use this Trojans. So attack is what they do. They can create this malicious program such as Trojans for many purposes. Maybe their main motto can be to download spyware, adaware and malicious files or they can hackers can use this victim's PC as a botnet to perform loss attacks to just hide their tracks. They can also record audio, video screen shot of, they can also take the screen shot of victim PC. Some of the extreme cases they can disable firewalls and anti-virus software. So as we all know in general, they can steal personal input, passwords or they can delete important information. So there are many construction kits available. So some of the popular Trojans construction kits are Trojans house construction kits which is can we use to create malware? So first one is your dark horse Trojan virus maker. So these are the kits readily available to create Trojans. So you also have your batch Trojans generator. Or you also have your Sena spy. Sena spy Trojans generator. So these are the things attackers used to generate Trojans. So this was about Trojans, one of the malware. Yeah, thank you everyone.