 Okay, let's dive into social engineering. So what is social engineering? Social engineering is nothing but the art of manipulating individual or individual group of individuals into performing some actions or diverging them to reveal some of the sensitive information. Typically, they wouldn't provide. To simply put social engineering is the art of human manipulation. Some of the common targets of social engineering are these health test personnel, technical support, executives and some system administrator. So the main important thing we need to remember here is so we should educate these people so that they are aware of these social engineering tactics. So let's move on. There are different kinds of behavior that are vulnerable to social engineering attacks. The most important thing is about trust. Whenever a person hacker tries to impersonate as an authority, what he tries to do? He tries to gain your trust. Then he utilizes that trust and manipulates you to extract some of the information. Another thing, if you ignore about these social engineering tactics, you will be more vulnerable to and easy target for the attacker and you will be vulnerable to these social engineering attacks. There are some other things as well, such as greed. Sometimes people, what they do, they agree to do some of these things for money and there are some moral obligations. Some if someone use pre-texting method and try to ask for your help and you may compel to help him out. So these are some of the vulnerable behaviors that we need to keep in mind. Then let's move on and learn how social engineering is effective. There are so many susceptible factors that we need to remember. See, this is not some kind of digital attack. This is human psychology. The attacker plays with your mind and tries to convince you to reveal some of the sensitive information. So it is difficult to detect and there is no proper method or no specific software or hardware. I don't want to defend this social engineering attack. There are different phases in social engineering attack. It is pretty much straight forward. Research about the target company. As you remember from our reconnaissance or fit printing, what we did there, we used to collect all the different kind of information from different websites, different bulletin boats and everywhere. So after targeting that particular company, what we should do, we should select the particular employee of the target company. Then develop a relationship with that person and exploit that relationship. There are different types of social engineering techniques. Let's see each of them. One is human based social engineering, computer based social engineering and mobile based social engineering. Here in human based social engineering, the attacker tries to gather sensitive information by having a conversation or interaction with the person or the target employee of the target company. In the computer based social engineering, it is of course carried out with the help of computers through phishing attack. He does phishing attack with the help of some tools. In mobile based social engineering, it will be carried out through with the help of some mobile applications. Let's dive into this in detail. In human based social engineering, the attacker what he does impersonate as a legitimate end user. Suppose, take an example of a company, there are different departments in the company. This attacker can pretend to be from different department of the same company and could ask for some of the sensitive information like user name and password that is posing as a legitimate end user. And also he could be posed as an important person like a CEO or CF of the particular company. And also posing as a technical support. The attacker starts calling to some of the random numbers and he could ask whether there will be any technical issue that he could resolve and he could able to retrieve some of the data such as user names and password. So these are some of the human based social engineering techniques that we should keep in mind. There are different types of computer based social engineering like pop-up windows, if you are surfing or browsing some of the websites, a certain pop-up window will appear. There will be some of these warnings will appear in the some of the websites like your laptop or desktop has been infected with virus and all these things. Chain letter, there is something called chain letter. Let's take an example of pop-up. There will be a message like forward this message to some 10 people and something will happen. So all these things are there. And also we can conduct social engineering through instant chat messenger as well by making friends online and try to gather some of the information about them such as birth dates and maiden names. Spam email and also by spamming the V email we can able to collect some of information such as financial information and network information and even some of the sensitive information as well. So let's move back to mobile based engineering. What attacker does he creates some of the fake mobile application and uploads them to the app store. And somehow he can able to compromise your PC through malware. As soon as you visit your bank account login page a message will pop up to go to this app store and install this application. And then when you visit this app store and install this as soon as you install this mobile application, what happens? All the access data will be sent to this attacker. Whatever the OTP that you received you know for can be also sent to this attacker and with this he can able to debit all the money from your bank account. So these are some of the techniques we should remember.