 they will move on to web server security issues. Attackers usually target software vulnerabilities and configuration errors to compromise web servers. So basically when we need to make sure our our web server is up to date, the software in the web server is up to date and it does and we need to configure it properly with proper settings, services and all those things. Otherwise it will be easy for the attacker attacker to get into the web server. Network and OSLava attacks can be defended using firewalls and ideas with the help of firewalls. We can defend some of the attacks using firewalls ideas and all those things. Web servers are more as open. Okay, what are the impact of hacking web servers? What will happen? If it is a e-commerce website, all the data of the user accounts, whatever they have saved, like for example, if you can take the example of Amazon or Fitcut, you have saved all the details of your payment details like debit card, details credit card details. If the data breach occurs of those websites, all your data will be get into the hands of attacker. So that's not only those details, all your personal details also get into the hands of attacker. That's the compromise of user accounts. Website Defeatment, if someone gets access to your website or able to hack all the website files, HTML files, all those files that are present in the server, he can alter the visual appearance of the website. So that's the concept of Web site Defeatment. Secondary attacks from the servers, of course, if the person or the attacker able to get access to the server, he may attack other servers as well from that server. So that's basically about this. Data theft, of course, data tampering, manipulating or changing the corrupting the data. That's true taxes to other servers, able to get access to other servers as well. So these are the impacts of attacking, so this is what Web site Defeatment is. Web Defeatment occurs when an intrudent maliciously alters visual appearance of a web page. By inserting us up to the yeah, we have acted your website. This is something they'll put the message on the web page displaying. Defeatment exposes visitors of some propaganda, mistreating all these things. Like, if they want to put out some message, like this, this, this, we are from this group, we want to convey this message so they can add some of the popular websites and they can display the message for the public. So that's the thing about Web site Defeatment. To why web servers are compromised. So many things we need to keep in mind, like lack of proper security policy procedures and maintenance. As I have previously explained you, we need to make sure about we need to take care of security policies. For example, frequently changing passwords for like one month or two months, putting a lengthier password so that our passwords can't be able to easily the attacker can't able to hack our system or server easily. We need to put strong passwords, the lengthier ones. We need to make sure we are having proper, up to date, softwares and all those. Misconfigures in web server, OSN networks. We need to have proper settings enabled. For example, disabled all the web security, window security functions, it will be easily the hacker can easily able to get into our system by sending some malicious payload or something. Our system won't be able to detect that. So that's about that. Bucks in the server, OSN web application as you can you know, or bugs are nothing but error in the programming or code that will be utilized by the hackers. So we need to keep our software sub-todate, installing server with default settings. Remember, this is the most important thing whenever you install any of the web application. Any of the software applications in your system. Instead of installing next, next, next, next, you need to at least look out what are the things you are giving out, whether the user, whether you are giving access to only administrator or even other users and all those things you need to consider. Unpatched security flows, this is nothing but you can, those unpatched security flows in the server, software, OS and application, you can take the example of this Android only. For every one month or two months, they'll send the security patch updates to our software in order to improve the features or to patch up any security flows or bugs that are present in our, in the code of the software. So that's about unnecessary default backup or sample files. We need not to keep up all these backup files or default. We need to give appropriate settings. Improper file directory permission, as I already told you, if there are many users, we need to give only some of those access to administrative data, not all those people who manage the contents and all those things. Unnecessary services are enabled. So we need content management and remote administration. Basically, you can take, you might have an idea about content management systems, like WordPress and all those things. So that's about, we need to make sure we are not enabling those things. So it might be easy for the attackers to get into our system. Default account and default passwords. Remember, even your networking devices like routers and all those default passwords are like something like admin admin or admin password. So those are the default passwords. Or there are many default passwords which are present in the, some of the website list also. You can figure out and check the manufacturer device like TP link or D link or something and you can get the, easily get the default password. So what attackers will do if they find some of the devices have default passwords, they can easily find out which, if they're able to get which manufacturer or devices you are using, they can use the default password and user name and easily get into the server or system. The debugging functions that are enabled administrative functions that are enabled and are accessible. You need to take care of that SSL certification, certificates, misconfigure. What does SSL certificates do? It helps in the encryption on for data. So we need to configure those SSL certificates properly and we need to avoid using self certified or default certificate. So sign certificates or default certificates improve for authentication and all the, and this is the most important on security conflict cell with business ease or use case. What does this mean? This means there are so many things which could come against security. For example, if you want to increase the security of your website, you may not have the proper user interface. You may not able to put proper user interface. If you want to make your website look good, you may have the pro, beautifully user interface, but the security flow will be more. So what we need to do? We need to have perfect balance between security and ease of use.