 Water botnets, these are nothing but these compromised PCs only. With the help of these botnets, we can conduct distributed in iOS of service attacks and see a small botnet with only, this is a typical fact that we can see. If we use 1000 bots, it will be almost similar to a corporate system, 1000 PCs. So with the help of these, we can conduct any large attack on a big company or any big website. So what are the users of these botnets? We can use, there are so many applications of these botnets. Of course, to conduct DDoS attack, then of course, in spamming, sniffing the traffic, key logging, the help of boot botnets. We use it as, we use some of these botnets as keyloggers as well. What the use of keyloggers? We can able to get key strokes of that person who is entering some user-rhyme and password. We can able to collect those things through keyloggers. Yeah, exactly. Of course, also you can use to spread malware, advertisement, so many if you use so many, you will visit any of the websites like movie downloading websites. You can see all these, they have activated these botnets and the ad will be pop up to your screen automatically. So that is also where you can use botnets. And Google AdSense, what is Google AdSense? See, let's take, give you an example. If you visit YouTube, not those Kipak things, but the one that you can see in the bottom of page of the video, right? That is also if they have registered to Google AdSense, this ad will appear there. Apart from that, suppose you have created a website and you have hosted that website. And someone visit that website and also if you have created and hosted this website, a particular website. And also registered for Google Sense, Google AdSense, what happens here? When someone visits your website, they can able to see Google ads at the side of your website. And what happens here? There are some things like this number of clicks for this number of clicks, you can get this number of money in dollars. So this is how the Google AdSense works. So even in YouTube also has a list in web site, the someone visits your website and click on these ads, you can generate some money in dollars. So this is how Google AdSense works and with the help of these botnets. So that's why these movie websites people they create all these ads in order to get the click from the legitimate user. So instead of legitimate users, what maybe you can do, you can create these, with the help of these botnets, you can create these automated clicks. And as soon as you get some clicks, you will get some this number of money for in dollars. So I hope you got the idea how Google AdSense works. And also attacking IRC, internet-relate chat, networks, manipulating online polls. Suppose, and of course, phishing links, you can use botnets to send so many phishing links to so many people's all at once. And also if there is any online poll that is going on in any website, with the help of botnets, you can use this botnets to manipulate that ODE. So these are the things you can use. We can use with the, these are the applications of botnets. What are the things we can use by using these botnets or compromised pieces or zombies we can see.