 We have three types of channels, input channel, output channel and site channel. What this input channel does? Also called as control channel. Whatever the SQL statements we give, we are giving here. We will be executed by this input channel only. Whatever the state, state, state, and state, and we give, it will be executed in the database with the help of this input control channel. Whatever the results we want to fetch from the database, like whatever the data we need to fetch. For example, you can see from this SQL statement what data we are fetching from here. We are fetching name and email of this person. Fred, so how we can able to fetch this data with the help of this output data channel? So we have something called site data channel. So what this database does with the help of site channel, it can perform some of the DNS queries. So that's why this site channel is used, a brief introduction of how data server acts. If you remember, suppose this is a client. So this is, if you want to go some website like Amazon.com or something, what this DNS server does, this DNS server will be maintained by internet service provider. Over these internet service providers, they could be some, these people like I tell geo or all these people. See, they will maintain this DNS server. The main work of DNS server is to, whatever the website name we give, it will check the address of this register and try to fetch the IP address of this website name. As soon as it find out the particular IP address, it will give back that IP address to our browser. And then this IP address will be the browser, what it does with the help of this IP address, it will fetch that particular website through some web server. So this will be the working of DNS server. So this is how sometimes what this site channel does, it can perform some of the DNS queries through. We can able to perform some of the DNS queries through site channel as well in order to, if we need to fetch some data from database. Now we have some three types of SQL injection in band SQL injection, inferential SQL injection, and out of band SQL injection. In band is pretty much straightforward. Whatever we give the SQL statement, the data will be fetched through data channel for all output, that is this output data channel, this one. Here in inferential SQL injection, we can't able to know whatever the whether our SQL SQL statement worked or not. Sorry, we can't able to figure out whether our SQL, we can't able to fetch the exact data from the database, but we can able to figure out just the results of our statement, whether we got the output or not through one bit output channel. This out of band that is similar to this site channel only. Here also we can able to extract some of the details from DNS servers. So this is the three types of SQL injection. Then after that we have some some of the exploitation techniques we can use union based, error based, Boolean exploitation technique, first I'll explain what union based union based is nothing but what we here we are doing. Suppose there are two different tables and different two data, we are just combining those two data. I'll show you with an example. See this is the same exact website. This is the same exact website we used for testing. As soon as we enter this SQL command like what we have entered here, union select 1, 2 and 3. What we are basically doing here, we are adding some of the data from two different sections or and from two different tables. Here you can see some error it has given us. See here we are just seeing how many things or data or sections of the table that is present. Once we know that we can able to change some of these things like union select 1, pass. This is from user's table, user name is equal to test. So we are using input, we are what happens let's see if we use or inject this SQL statement. As soon as I enter that see it has fetched the data from other table. So basically what here happening is you can able to fetch the data. The post here in this web page, a data from one table is present with the help of this SQL union table or union SQL statement. What we are doing we are fetching the data from other table and we are displaying in this web page. See here this is error based is similar to that one I have showed you through using this single quarter double code this delimiter, character delimiter or string delimiter with the help of these through we can able to get some errors and with the help of those errors we can able to learn so many things like the name of the table and all those things. That is one is equal to one if the condition is satisfied it will give us the access to the data is by passing the login credential. Out of band I have explained you it is done through site channel. Bullion is nothing but condition only not supposed to be subtotology but condition must be satisfied. Beat anything like 1 plus 1 is equal to 2 or 1 is not equal to 0 or something like that. It could be any of these conditions but here in totology it should be like 1 is equal to 1 is equal to 2 that you can see. So these are some of the exploitation techniques we can use to manipulate or change the data. Here in this example also we did the same thing. What we did here with the help of some union SQL statements we manipulated some data. This is the testing website only so that is why we are seeing this accurate results. In some of the secure website you can't even if you use these statements it won't work. So if you want to try out these statements try out that dot ASP and dot PHP websites only because those are the vulnerable sites and they use relational data. So then let's move. So here you can see the difference. See whenever you suppose this is some website and they have asked you to put your user names or any if you want to submit some application online and here they have given us an input form like name, email or something all these things. You need to give some valid input here like any of your name should be considered as valid input. So what happens if you instead of your name if you use these delimitors character of delimiter or string delimiter what happens error will be generated. So and also with the help of totology have explained you we can able to satisfy the condition as true and we can able to get access to the data. Here with the help of union try to what exactly is union I explained you what this statement does it will try to select the data from another table and fetch those two data in the into one. And we have something called Boolean based I have explained you here we are just comparing the two different left most character of this version and with with this number one with this number. So that even with this also we can able to satisfy the condition and get access to the data. So these are the I hope you got the idea of how these things works. And let's move to the methodology here. See it is pretty much straightforward. First what we do evaluate the input fields with some of the character odds or string delimitors then we try out characters different type of things that are relevant to database will gather see here as soon as you give this single code or double code delimiter what it will give it will give us some error in this error what we can able to fetch we can able to fetch some of these things like. But of course the table name and the user or any category name or column name most of the things we get from this error not exactly this these kind of details but at least some of the details we can able to figure out with these table see with these detail suppose if I able to know the table name I can able to fetch the details of the column name as well. How I can do that with the help of this select everything from I can give the table name and what this will do it will fetch the data of whatever the details or data that is present from the table right. First we can use what we can use we use these delimitors to get the error from the error we can I I can able to find the table name at least I may if I can able to find the table name I can able to fetch some more data with the help of this name only. So if I able to find out whatever the details of data present in this table I can able to manipulate these data change the data delete the data whatever the things I can able to do so many things I can able to do. So this is the methodology see evaluate the input fields with some of the character delimitors or string delimitor gather some of the information observe the error message because this is the most important step we need to see whatever the things that are there in the error then at last we can able to expel trade the some of the data. So these are this is the pretty much straight forward methodology which we can use in order to perform the sequel injection.