 itي may be properly whereby there will be some novelty here . nd in terms the server will response with the of the page or website. This web server will be interlying along with other network devices, post machine and all. These underlying network architecture, network infrastructure are the most vulnerable. So, the web server is both software and hardware that uses HTTP protocol or other protocols to respond to client requests made over the web. Many of the web servers are to display a website content through these things, storing, processing and also delivering web pages. Besides this, it also does these things as it also support these things. SMTP, FTP. As you have studied from your enumeration model, you can easily figure out what is SMTP. It helps us to transfer email between email servers and FTP of course, transferring the files. Web server hardware. It is connected to the internet and allows the data to be exchanged with other connect as I have showed you here. Along with this web server, some of other networking device post machines will be connected. And there is also OS for this web server and also server software will be also be installed in the web server. Web server hardware is connected to the internet and allows data to be exchanged with other connected devices where web server software controls how user accesses hosted files. You might have no about this all these basic things. Suppose, you have created a website. What you will do? First, you go to some of the domain register, registrants like GoDaddy or Bluehostingger. All these websites, you will register your domain or website name. First, then after registering, you will host your website by uploading all your necessary files. All HTML, CSS and all those files will upload and then your website will be get hosted. The web server process as I have explained you client server model. This process is an example of the client server model. And all computers that host website must have web server software. For example, if you host your website from your host machine, you need to have some web server software. Like Apache, Microsoft, IIS, Internet Information Server. And one more. EngineX. These are the web servers software. Web server were used in web hosting or hosting the data of websites and web based applications or web application. So that's the overall idea of web server. So these are the components of web server. We have document root which stores. Suppose this is a website. Basically three files will be stored like HTML, CSS and of course JavaScript. For any not those that can be e-commerce websites. See if you take example of simple portfolio website, it will consist of HTML files for all the fonts, element, bodies, images. And of course for styling colors, all those things will be done with the CSS. And if there is any interactivity inside the website, we need to include JavaScript code. So that's a basic idea of how websites are specifically front end websites are made. So these HTML files will be stored in document root. So if any client will send the HTTP request, these files will be sent to that client through document root. Server root, it stores some of the servers configuration. Configuration and some of the log files as well. So what it there, there are some of the config files specifically in backend websites, websites which have. Backend infrastructure like collecting customers data and all those things, we need to have some of the configuration files. In order to perform some of the tasks like storing data, manipulating data and all those things. There is something called virtual documentary, provide storage for on a different machine or disk after the original disk is. So that's about that virtual documentary, the storage of our server will build up. We'll use this virtual documentary to accumulate extra files and all those things. Virtual hosting as I ordered to do hosting multiple websites on the same server in this server only you can. You can host multiple websites that's about virtual hosting. We have proxy as you have might have heard about the web proxy. This is. So even as part form. So what does this proxy server does it helps us to basically it helps us to access some of the restricted sites. Or block the sites. And it can share the resources from other servers as well. Other it will redirect all the files from other servers as well. So that's the basic idea of the proxy.