 See, these internet of things or you can say internet of everything. This is IOD. Hi, boy. What are these internet of things? These are nothing but these network of devices. Suppose so many devices are connected to web of network like your smartwatch, smart fan, smart fans, smart bulb and also smart speaker like Alexa and also one of those things. So all these devices, each of them have different IP addresses and also all these hardware components, processors as well as what they do. They have all these sensors with which these devices capture or collect some of the data, store them and send them whenever it was requested. So these are the things that you should remember. See, here you can see the variety of devices, different kinds of devices, IOD devices. For variable you can see even see there is smart shoe also. You can able to track how much steps you have taken, how much running you have done. So there is of course there is smart TVs, smartwatch, all these things. And of course security cameras, almost at energy as smart bulb, in healthcare devices also you can see some of the devices that are connected to internet. Of course industrial devices. So these are some of the devices that has all these hardware components, these sensors to capture some of the data. And whenever you are requested, it was requested, it will send through internet in real time. Suppose you can take the example of this security camera, you can able to watch the live feed in your smartphone from say from far away remote place also, you can able to get the data. So these are the things that come center, IOD. On that, see here, see this is how IOD works. There are four components that you need to remember, that is of course one that are these IOD devices, this is the gateway system and clouds are why you we use these clouds are of course in order to store the data and our remote control. We can able to control using or any of the applications, whatever we want to suppose we want to get some data regarding any of these device that we can send through this app. So this is how the IOD works. First, whatever the data may be, the live feed through security camera, the thermostat in order to measure the temperature, humidity, all these things that are captured by these IOD devices will be sent through this gateway. What is this IOD gateway? You can assume this as a router only. So through the router, what it will do, it will store all those data that has been collected by these devices in the cloud storage. Whenever it was it is requested by the user end user, it will be sent back through the application. So this is how the IOD works. Then comes the most interesting part, IOD architecture. You know, to remember this architecture really well. See at first we have in IOD architecture. We have application layer. Then we have middleware layer, internet layer. There are file layers here in total. We will go through each of these and their functionality. Then we have access gateway layer. And last we have edge technology layer. See, this edge technology is nothing but all these hardware components on it. Whatever those IOD devices that are there, which have all these hardware components, all the data that is stored with the help of those hardware components, that all those things will be handled and that comes under this edge technology layer. Like these RFID, tags and all these things. Then extremely opposite to edge technology, the application layer is nothing but this GUI only. Whatever the graphical user interface you see in your applications or softwares. All those things, you get through the application layer. Interface you see in app, in application, in the applications or softwares. All those things. Now the internet layer, see, this is the application layer and this is the tower hardware component. The this internet layer creates a interface between these two, our application layer and our hardware layer or edge technology layer. What this does between two devices, it helps us, this internet layer helps us to connect, to have communication between two different devices or between a device and a cloud. And of course, between to have a communication between device and gateway. So all these things comes under internet layer. Whereas this middle layer here will have these things, like all these data management, device management, all these things comes under middle layer. Finally, this access gateway layer, basically it's similar to internet layer only. Bridge the gap between two endpoints. It will translate some of the protocols and it will send the particular transmit data from internet to all these devices. So through of course, we can assume this as a router. What the router does, it will capture whatever the data that is being transmitting from internet or from cloud, it will transfer to these devices. And whether all these captured data from these devices that will be sent to the end user to this router. So these are the things that comes under IoT architecture. See here, in application layer, delivery of various applications to different user, that is nothing but whatever you see the application interface in your mobile application or in your software solution in the laptop. Those things comes under here, application layer, edge technology as expected to sensor, devices, machines, nodes, intelligent edge nodes are nothing but these devices that are connected to a network. These host machines or laptops that are connected to a network are called as nodes. Or these smart devices, smart speakers, smart one, all those devices are also called as intelligent edge nodes. So all these things comes under edge technology there. So in order to connect those two things, internet layer will be there. Of course, to translate some of the protocols and messaging or router or access gateway layer will be there. Some of the things like device management, information management, data management that will be done by middle barely. So these are the things that you can remember. Then part from that, we have, see, these are the applications of an areas that we can use all these IoT devices and we can use all these in different kinds of sectors like buildings, an energy sector, home healthcare, transportation and these are the devices heat ventilation, AC air conditioning, all these things security lighting. In energy, turbines, windmills, digital camera, power systems, dishwasher, desktop computer, see so many devices are we can use in different kinds of sectors, locations in different groups also. So all these devices are of course connected to internet and the same pattern that we see through the data will be transmitted through IoT gateway and it will store in the cloud server. Whenever a user wants to access those data, he can access those and control those things through his mobile app.