 Let's start with a traditional way of business. See, suppose you want to run some of the older way, what used to happen? We want to run some of the applications, what we used to do. We used to have these servers. And we have different servers for different services. For example, if we have web servers, for of course, we want to host some website, multiple websites from this. You can do that with web servers. And there is a specific server for a database in order to manage all those data. Suppose if you are running e-commerce website like Flipkart or Amazon. And then we have a different server for email as well. So all these things were taking up so many resources, so much storage. Why? Because OS operating system that are there on these servers, they didn't have the capability to run multiple apps. So that was the issue way before. So what happened? See, because of this issue, you need to buy some new server for if you want to run some new application for any of, if you want to run some another service, you need to buy a new server. It will be hectic. It will financially spend so much money for that. So in order to rectify this issue, engineers came up with something and they developed virtual machines. What these virtual machines will do? It will allow multiple apps to run on single server. For example, with the help of virtual machine, you can able to run all these things. You can manage database or email server and also you have hosted a web. You can able to access use web server in a single machine. So this with the help of virtualization technology through virtual machines. Now, similarly, we have. See, in in virtual machine, we have assigned some resources. And also we have installed some, so let's take example of this particular machine or laptop. Here I have installed VMware right. I have assigned some of the resources or hardware of this laptop. Suppose like I have assigned 40 GB of storage from this hardware machine to that VMware and like four GB of RAM I have given and it can be able to run some of the virtual OS as well. Suppose I have currently we are running tally here and also we have been previously for system hacking. So we have installed windows OS in the VMware. So there could be different OS in this virtual environment and each of these OS I can able to run this particular application. Suppose in windows 10 OS I can able to run some windows tools and custom call it to here. Or you can able to install Ubuntu and all those other. If you want you can install other OS and run some of the apps there. So what's happening here? See here this virtual machine is consuming so much of resources. Like so much of hardware CPU usage is there and if you hear there is you need in order to run some of the apps you need to install particular virtual OS here. So so much things you need to do so much consumption is there here. So in order to rectify this. They came up with something called container what this container technologies you can install windows server 2016 or 2019. Any of these things and you can able to install any of the tools run any of the tools in those in that one. See the difference between the container and virtual machine is here also we are giving some of the hardware and server all these resources to the container. But the difference is you no need to install any of the virtual OS in this container. You can able to straight away run all these applications. So here compared to virtual machine since there is no virtual OS is there the consumption CPU resources consumption will be less. So there are some advantages of this container what are these advantages. Smaller file size will be there and it is since there are no virtual OS are there it will be a lightweight. It will be comparatively faster compared to virtual machine. It will consume less RAM less CPU usage will be there. These are some of the advantages that we can see compared to virtual machine in container we know need to install any of the guest OS or any of the OS virtual OS in the container. So because of the this advantage we can able to run any kind of application. So these are some of the advantages we can utilize apart from this we have something called see some let's take an example here now I'll explain what we can able to do with this container. See suppose you are developing a website right and you are running this website in your own post machine machine in your own from your local server right here you are developing this this all these things and it's running in your post machine. Suppose your boss or CEO what he'll tell he'll tell now you shift all these documents codes whatever you have seen in order to develop a particular website. You need to write code in HTML of course styles cascading style sheets in order for padding margin colors and all those styles and the we have some of the JavaScript codes for interactivity and all those things. So and there will be like for back end there would be Apache server and we have you have returned some front end code with react and you have used node j s for back end so all these files will be there so what you'll do you will create something called image and you will put all these files. Or you what you'll do you'll put this particular image inside this container so this container you can able to shift to some other machine different host machine and you can able to execute your code of your website in another see there will be hundreds of lines or even more than that if you have what you want to do. If you have any complex website like ecommerce website or you have more interactivity in your website there could be so many lines you have a lines of code you have written for that particular website and in order to deploy that in another host machine what you can do you can use this container and put all your necessary files inside that container and you can able to deploy this container in other host machine and you can run that particular web. So I said in this host machine as well so I hope now you understood the difference between the virtual machine and container see in order to in order for that we have a vendor or a company or docker what they do. So I hope now you understand this this docker software to manage and run these containers. So I hope now you understand this this docker software in windows or Linux and we can able to suppose you are a app developer what you can do with the help of docker you can put all your files in as a image you can create a image of all your files and you can put your image in some container then you can able to deploy that in any of the host machine. So I hope now you understand this this docker software in windows or Linux and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you can use this container and you