 Here we have a user A. User A is connected to switch. User B is connected to switch. User C is connected and user D. How many people are connected? Even attacker is also trying to connect here. Let's see how. So, what happens is, here some lady from user A, she is telling that I want to connect to 10.1.1. Who is 10.1.1? This user B. She is telling as I told you, I want to send notes to Shashwath. Let's say this is me, Fatima and this is Shashwath user B. So, Shashwath I am sending requests to switch that I want to send some sensitive information to Shashwath. Please let me know his MAC address. I want to check now that you are a Shashwath or not the matching should be done. IP, MAC everything. So, this request goes here. So, switch broadcast wire here and you will be connected and I will be like whatever the information it goes to you only. And this is all connected one but this won't go here and there. But your MAC address is this even even F1. Let's say if attacker's IP is somewhat different, MAC is also somewhat different. Will he able to check this? Will he able to receive your information which I am giving you? No right? See, ERP's pooping attack is nothing but you guys know ERP is nothing but address resolution protocol. It helps us in mapping. Mapping what? MAC and IP. What this attacker used to do? He used to monitor each and everything. Who is communicating? What is Shashwath's IP? What is Shashwath's MAC? What is my IP? My MAC? Who am I trying to connect? Everything this malicious user attacker will eavesdrop. What is eavesdrop? Guys, you have seen in office only, they will be working in the laptops but hearing all the conversations they do with the manager everything. Manager to manager they will speak something regarding some of the employees. But they will pretend that they are working very focused on you know with so much focus. But eavesdropping they will be listening to their conversation. So same way your what were all the things happening. He tries to eavesdrop. Especially he tries to see ERP request. In ERP packets only there will be there no mapping. What is Shashwath's IP? What is Shashwath's MAC? User CIP? User CMAP? MAC? Everything. After this the attacker what he tries to do? He tries to spoof Shashwath's IP. See? This is Shashwath's IP not n.1.1 but attacker will spoof this and he will give another MAC. 1.1.2.3.3.4.4. He will set another MAC and start connecting to whom? Switch. And then what happens? And he tries to send this malicious address to switch. Switch will check the IP and MAC also it will check. Because what happens is he is trying to replace the mapping. He is trying to poison ERP. What is poisoning ERP guys? Replace something now. See you guys I will tell you one example. Guys I am having a wedge friend. So wedge friend in essence she will be having a mushroom fried rice or gobi fried rice. If in place of gobi if I place chicken. It will be similar only. Then after eating only she will come to know. Now somewhere like different suddenly she will feel like it is a chicken fried rice. There is a confusion here. Same thing he will try to create. He will try to poison. He will try to poison what ERP packets? Why he is trying to poison there ERP? ERP is the one which tries to map under the camp table. Now he will try to poison ERP and he will try to set this IP with this MAC. And he will become a shashvath and he will try to connect to the switch. And whatever the sensitive information this lady wants to send where it will go it will go to user be or attacker attacker like this it happens. Okay ERP spoofing attack ERP spoof in the sense what he knows the IP okay. He matches with another MAC and overall the camp table listed he is changing indirectly and the switch will confuse now whatever this there in the camp table he has to listen to it. He got camp table only there is a 10.111 if it is matched to 112233 in the sense. If whatever she is sending it has to go to this attacker right because switch listens to camp table. IP port number details MAC mapping MAC address yeah MAC will be there IP will be there port number P1 P2 which one that and who are connected to it. That like this four details will be there in the camp table. So this attack and he will poison ERP only. ERP is the one who which helps in creating that camp table under switch is poisoning that only. Here in the starting itself is poisoning the air payments how air pill will go and create a proper camp table there. Ami smatching started so in terms of see the information has to go in this way right she wants to connect to you only you but it is going where. She is indirectly intentionally and intentionally she has been connected to attacker why he has spooked your IP and he is placing his own MAC and which is recording under updating under camp table also. So switch is only helping her know to connect to attack the nearer.