 First you need to download VMV. See you can either reuse VMV or you can directly install the Kali in your system or laptop directly as a dual port. Along with your current operating system. But it's feasible and better to use this one. I'll suggest you to use VMV. There is also virtual box but I would suggest you that VMV is comparatively better than virtual box. So go to this site and download the trial version only. I'll get you the key if I wanted to find some key. Go to here and click on the download now. As soon as you click that, you'll start downloading. VMV then I think it's already installed in my system. So I'll straightaway go to the Kali download. So from where download Kali from Kali over G only. See here we need to download images. This particular image file that is approximately 3.9 GB. So I'll copy this link as well. As soon as you click this you'll started downloading. Before that let this complete until that let set up for VMWare. What we should do it will be installed. I hope it has been installed and you can see the icon in your desktop. One of the VMWare. So what we will do will create a new virtual machine. Click on this. Then we give this typical only whatever default it shows. Then click on I will install the operating system later. Select this option and give next. Here you can select Linux. Here you can select any of the options it doesn't matter. I am selecting DBN. Here you can give any of the name. See here you need at least you need to have 40 GB of space. But if you if you someone able to get the 25 GB of the space that minimum you can use that but I will suggest recommend 40 or more GB to install or use this calling. So select any of the drive. Here I have selected E drive in which I have made up folder called Kali too. You can either select the default one in C or even you can able to select any of the drives that you have like DE or even F. So what we will do will select is it clear until here what we did. We opened up the VMware. We clicked on create new virtual machine. Then we gave the name and we selected the location where we need to install it. Now I am giving 25 GB here. I will ask you to put at least 40 or more. Okay. Now let's start this one. Then finish. So now we have finished setting up our virtual machine. Now let's check whether it has been downloaded. Okay it has been downloaded. It's here and it downloads. So now what we need to do. We need to click on this edit virtual machine settings. We don't power on the virtual machine. First we need to check here. So you can give whatever if you have 16 GB of RAM you can give 8 GB for Kali box. If you have 8 GB of RAM you can give 4. So I have given here 2 just for reference purpose. And one more thing if you have 4 cores you can give 2 here. If you have 2 cores you can give 1. Then you can check that. Go to start and type dx diar. It will show you all the details of your specifications of your laptop. Here I have 8 GB of RAM since I have already installed the Kali. I am giving it to for the demo purpose. I am giving it to. I can give up to 4. So here you can see it has 4 cores. So I can give up to 2 cores for the Kali box. So like this you can check out specification on your desktop or laptop and give the set the virtual machine according to that. So then here select the CD or DVD and here you need to select the IOS image file option. Then go to browse that particular image file which we downloaded and click OK. So now after setting the IOS image file now we can turn on this virtual machine. See now for 20 to select, you need to select graphic install and click enter. It will take a while. You can take all your time. Make sure you install it. You can pause there. So now what we will do is select any of the language. And let me get the Decoy from the zoom. So it will start installing. So here you need to give your given specific course name. You can give your name as well. I am giving calling here. And you can give any of the domain name. You can give any of the user name as well. And here what we will give the password. You want to give any of the password. Make sure you remember whatever password you are giving because if you forgot this one, you need to reinstall. Here click on use entire disk complete. No need to go select other options or go for menu. Select that one, the default one. And this one only whatever we have given 26.8 that one will give. All files in one partition. And we will select the finish partitioning and write changes and we will continue. Write the changes to this disks select yes and continue. If this comes up, you give whatever the default that has been already selected. And only to check these two as well, then we will click continue. Okay, I think we are pretty much done. This should be the last step. Installing graph boot loader. I think it's installing directly. Now see this should be the last step. It will ask us to install the graph boot loader. Don't give no. You should give yes only otherwise it will difficult to configure the settings or it won't work. The Linux OS won't boot properly. So give select the option yes and we can click continue. Write this one. Don't click manually. Whatever the default one is showing, can select that one. This is the Dave slash SDA. You can select that one and click on continue. It will install the boot loader which will help in to boot our cally box or cally OS. So this will be the setup. So most of the things has been okay. I think we are done. We will click continue to reboot and it will start the operating system. It's booting. It's boot sub. See as soon as it boots, it will ask for user name and password. Once you enter the user M and password, it will give you the access into the system. So this is how the interface inside the call looks. This is the terminal where if I execute most of the commands.