 Here you can go to their particular website. You see for developers, you can go there, you can install Docker in your Windows machine. Or after installing with the help of command line interface, also you can able to pull out your image from the registry from local storage and execute your applications. Let's see here, see now, see. This is the difference between container and virtual machine I was talking about. The infrastructure is same, there will be a host operating system and there will be hypervisor. Here hypervisor for virtualizer. In Microsoft, what is the hypervisor? Microsoft is using hypervisor for of course for virtualization technology. They are using hypervee. There are different vendors are using different kind of hypervisors for virtualization. Here we will install some virtual OS like tali linux or even windows server. Windows 10, all these things and what we'll do. These are like binary or libraries that we were talking. So we'll run these applications in each of these OS. Here instead of this hypervisor, we have something called container engine with the help of this container engine. No need to install any of the OS. We can able to directly run all these different applications and we can able to develop, put all our image files of our development files inside a container and we can able to execute in that another host machine. See, this is the Docker I was talking about. There will be a Docker demon or a host and there will be a application interface in order to run that particular Docker and we can able to give commands to that particular Docker with command line interface. Suppose you install Docker, it will give out this command line interface and what you can do can put some of the commands like build, pull or run with the help of these commands. What will host will do? It can pull out some of these images from the registry and you can put some of these images in the containers. What are these images? These images contain all those things, all these files that you that for example, or example if you want to install some frameworks or software in order to build that particular example, you want to install VS code, visual studio code in your this one, you can able to use this. So all these software also, you can able to utilize with this. So this is the Docker architecture. See, these are the things. See, these are the developers. What they do? They'll create a image as I explained you. What that image consists of? That image will consist of all those things. What are those things? HTML file, CSS files, that particular software. For example, if you want to run Apache server software that you can able to include in that image, so all these things will be done by these developers and there are some system administrators. What these system admin will do? They'll do these things. Stroge and retrieval of that particular image through Docker. How we can do that with by giving some of the commands through command line interface? See, these are the host with container. Suppose deployment and management of container. Suppose this developer want to deploy his image file through container in another host machine, he can able to do that. So I hope all these things are clear. Like what is a container? How we can put image files inside the container? What is a image file? What are the things we can put in the image file? How we can use Docker? We can install this Docker in Windows or Linux or any of the OS. And with the help of command line, we can do certain things. And here you can see how these developers can be able to create some of the image and they can deploy that particular container in different host machines. So I hope all these things are clear.