 So, some of the threats, there are so many threats that are there. Some of you can go through all these things. Some of them like insecure interface and APIs, you don't have proper encryption or there is something called API key will be there. Suppose you have developed some app, mobile application or website application and you have implemented some API in your website. If you don't have proper encryption or proper API key for that your website, what will happen? It will be vulnerable and these actors can able to get access to your website, all the database or whatever they're in your website application. And also see the Dropbox I was explaining with the help of Dropbox Cloud Service, what this attacker can do. They can use this to spread massive fishing campaign also. So so many things you can do without it's even though you are using cloud computing service, you're utilizing cloud computing service. You need to have a proper encryption or as I told you encryption keys. Why? Because even though the person or the attacker can get access to your data, he can't able to decrypt your data without this with this without this proper key and decryption key. Right. So these are some of the threads that are there. Some of the attacks that could be conducted. There is one called these are cloud attacks, how these are conducted? We'll see. See, in order to conduct this site channel attack, what this attacker need to do, he need to present in a in your network. See, this person need to be there in that particular network infrastructure in which this target user is connected. So without getting access to that network, can't able to perform this site channel attack. What he's doing? See, there this is a multi-tenet cloud, tenant cloud environment as I explained your resource polling, sorry resource pooling in that we have multi-customer and multi-tenet cloud environment. Right. So these two people need to be access to that same particular network and this is the victim's virtual machine and what is this? This is the attacker's virtual machine. Both are there connected to this particular CPU cache. What this CPU cache will do, it will store some of the sensitive details like credentials in this cache. So this attacker what he'll do, he can able to extract some of the data from the CPU cache memory and he can able to extract these things like cryptography keys, encryption keys in order to de-crypt some of the data that is present here or in the cloud as well or if there are any credentials, login credentials that are there, all these things this attacker can able to access. So this is about site channel attack, I hope. See, in order to implement this, you need to be co-resident user. You need to be present there in the particular network. Otherwise, you can't able to perform this site channel attack. See why this CPU store written these all these things in cache in order to provide you the faster in order to provide you the service in faster manner. Suppose you want to visit some website if you remember DNS cache poisoning in order to get or display that particular web page to you, you want to go to some website to enter that website name in browser and in order to get that particular web page faster manner, what this DNS server will do, it will put that website in the DNS cache mode. So these attackers what they can do, they can able to poison or replace those original websites from some of the fake websites in the cache memory of DNS. So that concept we can call us DNS cache poisoning. The similar concept is there in this site channel attack. I hope it's clear. And apart from this, we have man in the cloud attack. See this one is interesting. So here what happens, no need to get confused. You may think it is a bit confusing. I'll explain you in a simple manner. See what happens in man in the cloud attack. MIT C. So what happens in man in the cloud attack, attacker what he'll do, he will send some malware. There is some malware that he'll send to this particular target user, this particular user through any of the means like through fishing or through email. He'll send some malicious link through email somehow he will install that malware in this target or this particular user's machine. As soon as that malware will be installed in this target user's machine, what happens. There is something called synchronization token. This synchronization token will be installed in this system. And it will replace this target user's synchronization token. Suppose this will be a good Google Drive application. And here what happens. This malware will replace target user's synchronization with attackers token. And it will wait. Why it will wait for the next sync to happen. As soon as next sync cloud sync will happen, this target user's synchronization token will be sent to attacker. And as soon as he gets this target user's synchronization token, he can able to access Google Drive of this particular target. And after copying all the data or modifying any of the data or deleting some of the data whatever that attacker can do, he'll remove his synchronization token. And he'll replace it with this victim's synchronization token. And it will he will leave this Google Drive in its original state. So this is exactly what happened in the man in the cloud at the time.