 So tools we can use low orbit ion cannon and high orbit ion cannon. How we can use the LOIC and HVIC? So see this is how the interface looks like. So this should be the URL. Give any URL you want and we'll click lock on this will show the IP address of this particular website. And here you can see if you want send HTTP or TCP you can select anything. And as soon as you click on I'm charging my laser will start flooding with so many packets. So how we can see that packet can capture the packet with the help of watch. So on the YShark. Let's get. I select this one. Let's see here. See it's showing so many TCP packets has been it's capturing those packets only see this is the destination 44 to 20 you can see right descending so many push at. So many packets so this is how we can use low or bit ion cannon and flood this particular website with so many data packet. So this is suppose if you use this tool with 100 of packets so sorry 100 of pieces you can conduct us attack and you can cash that this particular website. Let's go to type or bit ion cannon. See we look something like this so what we'll do will add some target based the URL. And keep can set the power how much you want and you can leave this booster or you can select any of these options and click add and you can increase the threads as well. How much you want to do it and as soon as you click fire the laser will start flooding this site with so many packet that's captured those packets as well. Let's see. See here you can see so many packets to that particular 44 point that IP address so many UDP packets it's sending right. So that's how we can flood the particular we can see so many packets has captured it sent to that particular that we show you can now I go to this. This one I have address you know let me copy place that IP address 28.49 see here we can see all the things that has been sent to that particular site see even it's sending reset packet as well since so many sin. In the back packets at packets see push packet so many it's flooding that particular website with so many packets see this is the source address or sorry destination orders mean basically IP address of that website. See how many packet it has sent less number out. So that is higher bit and lower I hope you got the idea. So let's go to the account some of the counter measures. See we can perform network vulnerability audit see there is there are we use nasus open vast and with the help of those tools we find found out some of the vulnerabilities with the help of those vulnerabilities and understanding the weakness we can fix those loopholes in order to prevent this these those attacks we can prevent from that as well. Create a proper response plan. Know the warning signs how we can know the warning signs through honey pots only securing the infrastructure reducing the attack using multi server architecture know what is normal and of our normal traffic with the help of firewall we can able to detect some of my network infrastructure. So these are some of the counter measures that we can apply.