 Hello everyone, so let's study information security. Yes, so information security as we know and the simple words we can say it protects sensitive information, right? So it is a set of practices, okay, which completely intended to keep data secure here from another raised access, right? So let us quickly go with elements of information security here. Let me explain you today the elements of information security. So overall if it comes to information security, it is a one which protects sensitive information from unauthorized activitess. It may be you know which includes inspection, modification, recording or any kind of destruction or disruption. So let's study about the elements of information security. So in elements of information security we have confidentiality, we have integrity, availability, authenticity and non-repidation. Here let's consider user E, user B. Let's say user A is sending some you know important information to user B. Let's say this is a sender, let's say user B it's a receiver, okay. So if they both are communicating to an internet here, obviously there will be a packet transmission, there will be a data transmission, right? So whenever we ethical hacker if we are sending something, if the data is getting transferred to destination that should be confidential, it should not leak out to third fellow or third user, okay. So confidentiality here it's nothing but the assurance that the information is accessible only to those who have access or only to those who authorize to have access. Next integrity, the second element of information security, here whatever that user A is sending, if it's sending ABC, he has to receive the receiver, the data should not get altered, you know, the trustworthiness of data here, so implementing, improper and non-authorized changes, that means whatever the data user A is getting transfer, it has to receive the same, these ensures if there is no alteration in the data, no manipulation or modification, it ensures integrity here, availability, so availability or authenticity, so they two are authentic users here, sender and receiver, so always the data should be available between two authentic users here, okay. Yeah and availability, that's nothing but the assurance that the systems responsible for delivering, storing, processing information, they are accessible, okay, when required by authorized users here. Let us go with the last part, non-reputation here, okay, so non-reputation is nothing but a guarantee that the sender of a message cannot later deny, having sent the message and the receiver cannot deny, having to receive the message, right. So whenever user A sometimes they can send the data, so they should not deny it, overall a non-reputation, I can tell you about this, a non-reputation here, it means a user cannot deny, user cannot deny, having performed a transaction, if he has performed some transaction, he has not, he should not deny, okay. So overall non-reputation is a combination of authentication as well as integrity here, okay. So non-reputation author decates the identity of a user who performs a transaction and ensures the integrity of the transaction here, okay. So these are the elements of information security here, so we can have in a ppd also here, the elements of information security, yes. So the assurance that someone cannot deny the value of something, which is the last element of information security. We can put through some of the hacking terminologies here, well, we know there is nothing but weakness on the system, there will be a hack value, it is nothing but a perceived value, which is you know, considered by that hacker, threat is nothing but, you know, we had used a key logger under our cyberkill chain methodology, right. Key logger, mileway, these are all the threats, okay, which exploits a vulnerability, it is there on our threats, exploits as we know, right. They are the way of gaining access. So, yes, through security flow, so exploits are the one totally using this threat, our systems will be explored, the flaws will be exploited here, right. Exploit under cyber security, it is nothing but, you know, striking, you can see, okay. So some employers, some employers, they exploit foreign workers, you know, making them work for longer hours for low pay, so like that. Here exploits are nothing but, whatever the threats are we find in key logger, they are going to exploit the security flow and then they are going to help the attackers to get into the network in an unauthorized manner. So we have a payload also, one of the very important sections here, one of the important terminology payload, yes, it is also a part of private user text, which contains malware, okay, virus, it is one which performs malicious action, it may conduct data time, bring attack, it may delete, delete, delete, it may send spam, anything it can be done. And again, one of the important equations, we have a risk equation, we are as equal to threat into one of the, so let us study on cyber threat intelligence, CTI departments, they are the one who are who is going to analyze the information threats, they are going to analyze all the respective threats, okay, whichever we see against cyber attacks, so they are the one who identifies and indicates various business risks, okay, and they play a very prominent role in detection and detecting threats. So we also have incident management as you can see, they are the one who identify, analyze and also resolve all the related security incidents, which happens in our organization, here it completes the end of the information security overview, now let us move into that information security laws and standards, yes, so some of the security controls we can have here under this, okay, which protects and ensures availability, confidentiality as well as the integrity, okay, so these are the categories of information security controls we have, access control, procedural control, okay, technical control, okay, even your aid conditioning, it comes under physical control, okay, so many, you know, detective controls are there, so many security controls are there, so in that technical controls, they are the multifacted user authentication, which we can see in our organization, right, so antivirus software, firewalls, implementation, they all come under technical controls. Let us move with the information security laws and standards, here we can see a payment card industry, yeah, so let me just help you, your payment PCI DSS, one moment here, PCI DSS, okay, so as PCI DSS is one of the important organization here, okay, payment card, industry, data security standard, so they are the one whose who are securing our sensitive information under our debit and credit cards, okay, so whatever we have our credit card, maybe it may be our debit card, the chips used to that, right, all the respective sensitive information used to be embedded in the chip, so these raw, so respective sensitive, all the respective sensitive information under this card will be protected by this PCI DSS, they are the one, okay, who is completely checking, they are the one whose handling card holder information, okay, when it comes to credit card, debit card and even your 18 cards, okay, so yes, here you just can see, I have given the definition, which establish a security requirement and control for the protection of sensitive data which is associated with your cards, and we have ISO 2701, your ISO was the one, which used to provide guidance on information technology security as well as confidential security. We have some cyber laws also, see sending of intensive messages also a very bad malicious attempt here, so what attacker can be behind the bar, he can face the jailed dems under the section 66 key, if he is enhancing identity theft, he will be behind the bar due to section 66, so this is all the respective cyber laws which we can consider in the field of cyber security. Yes, so this is the end of information security laws and standards, and here is the end of module 1, thank you.