 Hi everyone, in this video we will be looking into the system hacking implementation. So let's hop into that. So how can we open this system without knowing the password? So what I will do is that here you can see that three things available. One is your Ethernet option, the Ethernet connection what we have, when we have ease of access that's your utility manager and we have the power option. So what we will do is that we will go into the settings of this windows and we are going to change this ease of access to command prompt. So once we are able to change that to command prompt, if the help of this command prompt we can crack the password of this. So how can we do that? So let's see. So for that what you need to do, you need some tools for that. Now what tools, so I'll just close this machine off. We'll open up this Google Pro. The first thing is that you need to go into Google and search for Rufus. Create bootable right. So basically you need a bootable software in order to crack that type of locked key. Okay, you head on to this Rufus. You can see that create bootable USB drives the easy way. So here you have download this and it's going to give you interface like this. Let me just show you, I think I already have it in my system. So here you can see that this is the Rufus. It is just so good. Yeah, here. So here once you plug in your pen drive, it's going to show you that you have plugged in your pen. For example, let me just plug it in here. You can see that it's going to automatically detect the device. See, it came data might see HB automatically. It shows that Kingston data traveler, G3 USB device 7.5 GB and all. So boot selection, you have to select as a boot disk or ISO image. Of course, it's an ISO image. I will select the ISO image. Select the ISO image whichever you want. Okay. So you have to select the ISO image. So once you select any ISO image, let me just show you any one particular ISO image I will have it. Let me just go to not be. So then I'll just select any the ISO file which is working with. So now you can see that automatically everything got filled up. So make sure that here you can see there's a format options. That means whenever you're clicking on start is going to make this per proper USB drive as a bootable drive. Now what is a bootable drive? The thing is that the bootable drive basically means that whenever your system is opening, if you plug in into that, this particular you bootable drive. So it's going to boot it from there. Boot means basically started from there. So it's basically as we have installed Windows 10. So it is kind of starting from Windows 10 itself. But as you're plugging this new device into the USB port, so it's going to turn on this. So once you are plugged into this and you have done start and all, so it's going to take at least five or 10 minutes to complete all these things. Something it will look like this. I'll just close this because I don't want to make my printer impossible. Something to look like this. Yeah. So you can see the status will be really you have to click on start automatically. It's going to fill it up. So now your device will become bootable. You can see that copying IHs of files. So once it is done, what you need to do is that restart your system and while restarting it, plug this bootable drive in your system. This machine is going to automatically detect that there is a bootable drive in your USB port. What you want to do. So these are the certain things Microsoft has already allowed to do it, but kind of like a research purpose or all the things. Okay. So let me just try to get the same exact thing with the virtual box. So let's say this is my Windows 10 machine. And here if you if I want, I can attach a physical port as well with the help of USB, but I'm not going with that. I will choose the easier way. So you can see that in storage. This is my Windows 10 machine, which is of 21 GB while I created it. It was a 21 GB and this is the is of fine, which I used. So now what I will do, I'm going to attach a new is of file. So let's say I'm attaching this is of file, choose. Okay. So now a new is of file has been attached. So I will just click on start. So we did power on. So when it is powering up, so you have to press F12 if you're using a virtual box. So if you're using VMware, then you have to use something else. You have to look into that. So I'll just press F12 continuously and you can see this is the booting section. So virtual box temporary boot device selection, which and how you want to boot your device. So one is for hard disk to like F is for floppy C is for CD room, L is for land, P is for normal, continue booting. So as you can see that I have added a storage. So it's going to be a CD room. So what I will do, I'll press C. Okay. Once I press C, it's going to boot it, boot my system. This is again. Yeah. So it's going to boot my system from this port to. So now it won't run this windows turn normally. Rather than what it will do, it's going to boot my system from this particular ISFI. So let's see what exactly is showing us. So here you can see there is a kind of like a very dark, loose thread and is selling through install windows. So here what you can do that, you can just click on next, click repair your computer. So once you click on repair your computer, it will send you to this particular page where you have to go to troubleshoot, open up the command prompt and here you go, you command prompt appears. So it won't change the password of that, but what we need to do here is that we need to change that what. So here if you remember there was a windows like option like this and in that it was asking us a password and there were certain options available here. So the middle one which was a ease of access. Right. So if you click on that, you will get the data on keyboard multiple things. So I don't need it. So what I will do, I will override this ease of access with command prompt. So that if I click on this command prompt and I can use net user to change the password of this particular windows page or something you can see. So let's try to see that how we can do it, how we can change this ease of access to CN. So for that you need to understand where exactly on which drive your C is installed basically windows is installed. So for that I will write disk partition. Just going to go inside the disk partition and it's going to show me that which drive has been allocated to what. That means C drive is allocated to what D drive is allocated to what E drive is allocated to what what are the things we have is going to show us. So it will take a bit of time. So once it loads the disk part, we will get it. It should be done by now. Let's wait for one minute. Perfect. So you can see that it is basically done. We can write list volume. So you can see that E is allocated to CCO main something something CD room 4710. So basically looks like this this one the port one and the port two and this is something your system by default which is 579 MB system reset the kind of a snapshot of window takes whenever you want to a reset or let's say something happened to system some virus attack you want to reward by your system. So this is that particular one C but this one what is this 20 GB. Some more concern about this because you can clearly see that here the original windows is running on 20 of 1 GB. So it is very close to that. That means this is the proper thing which I need to go inside. So what I will do I will click on exit to go out of this disk partition. And some exiting disk part so I need to change this X sources to D. So I will keep capital D call and enter. So now inside is a right Ls okay not Ls I think it's DIR. Yeah. So you can see that it showing with the directory what are the things present. So we have perfor logs program files program files 86 user windows also to the six. So my work is to go inside windows because in windows in system 32 we have all the basically what files Sam files store in that. So what is exactly Sam file is your security kind of like a security manager for your windows. So secured Sam right as a M stands for security account manager. So it means I talk about this what exactly Sam it's your security account manager. So we are going to go inside that and we're going to breach it kind of okay. So now I'm inside system 32. So now what I will do is that okay. So now here come the crucial step. So once you're inside the system 32 we need to take a copy of a basically we can what we can do we can rename you till man dot exe that means your utility manager you till man dot exe to you till man dot exe dot backup. So basically I'm taking a backup of the utility man manager basically enter so backup has been kind of taken. So now what I will do once backup is taken I'll copy CMD exe to utility manager. So you to I L M a N or exe so utility manager sorry now the CMD has been copied as a utility manager. So let me just try to show that in a form of a diagram okay. So now what happened so there was utility manager. Because this was utility manager this was a CMD and this utility manager is present in your screen but this CMD is somewhere back in okay. So what I did I took this utility manager and I renamed it dot backup okay dot backup. So now as you have remained this backup file the location of this utility dot back is going to be changed it's going to come out of this. So let me just raise this or now there is nothing but only here utility dot exe. It's still your utility dot exe but what I'm doing is that I'm taking this CMD dot exe and copying it to the utility dot exe. So now utility dot exe dot backup has been stored somewhere outside but CMD has went inside. So there are multiple ways also it's not that you have to follow this procedure. You can also rename twice. For example you can create utility dot exe to utility dot exe and rename CMD dot exe to utility dot exe. So anything how you like it you can do that completely up to you. So if I hit in the so it will be copied yeah perfect now I can click on exit and I'll click on continue. So it's going to restart the system let's see hopefully it should work hopefully this should work if I click here it should sending me to a command prompt and you can see that the command prompt appeared in front of the screen. So you can see that the system cannot be whatever whatever whatever it is so I'll just write net user enter to get the net user here PM and you can see that I don't know the password of this because I have changed it so I can write net user okay why did God full screen net user PM star so let's say enter enter so the command completed successfully so now I didn't know the password now it has been complete successfully so I'll just come here in the password I'll click this hit arrow button. So now I can see that I went directly inside the windows 10 machine and this is how you can go inside a machine without knowing the password.