 Hi guys, in this video we will be looking into the interaction to a system hacking. So let's hop into this. So in system I use step 1. As I've always told you, the step 1 is to create. Give me a second. So step 1 will be your first, be prepared with a bootable pen drive. Be prepared with your bootable pen drive. So once you are prepared with a bootable pen drive and you have loaded the IE so into it. So now what do we need to do? Yeah, so first we will be prepared with a bootable pen drive and then you have to use the roof as software to make a pen drive bootable with the proper IE so file. Okay, so once your pen drive is bootable. Once bootable pen drive is ready. Insert it into your system. Insert it into your system and restart it. Once you have restarted the system, then of course you will follow up with the step 3 where you need to the open up the bootable screen. So open the bootable screen that we are pressing F12. If you remember, I use the CD row. So open the bootable pen drive. So you open bootable screen by continuously pressing the function keys by continuously pressing the function keys. Okay, so what are the functions keys for me? So for VM where, sorry, virtual machines VM box. The function V is F12. So for a part for many other system, it will be multiple things. Okay. So if you are doing with the system, complete system without any virtual machine at all. So you can just google it out and you will find it easily. So now let's say step 4 will be selecting your now. Select the represented bootable pen drive. Braspect bootable pen drive. That is it might be showed as Kingston or whatever the name you have given. If you remember this name, I will share this screen here and here you can see Rufus. This name, where is that written? Here, now you can add this device properties. Yeah, CC, C, O, M, A, whatever, whatever, whatever is this. This is the original drive name and how you are changing it. This is the below volume label. So that's what you need to locate. Where exactly this particular name is there. That is it might be your USB storage device. So once you have locate or selected the USB storage device, so you have to move to the step 5 and you have to load it the windows from there. Load windows from bootable pen drive. And click on repair your computer. So once you click on repair your system, so it will be the read at your troubleshoot. Step 6, which is your troubleshooting. Click on troubleshooting. Then there will be the option coming as advance option. And then you have to select the command prompt. So once you have selected the command prompt, you will move to the step 7. So in that command prompt, you will be finding something like this. Excollence, slash, source. So in that you have to write disc part with no spaces. So it's going to show you the disc partition. So here you have to wait for some time. And it is going to change it to remember, but it will change it to disc part itself. Disc part inside that you have to write list wall to list the volume. So once it will use the volume, then you have to detect your respective volume in which your operating system is stored. It had a respective volume where your voice is located. So once you locate that, so what we need to do is a step 8. We need to convert ease of access to command prompt. How can we do that? So first of all, you have to detect your respective volume where your voice is located. Example, it might be there in your D or C drive or D drive anyway. It depends what you do. So now once you have located, you have to click on exit from the disc part. So once you have clicked on, let me just clear this and I will properly. In the disc part, you have to click on exit. So after exit, it will be again redirected to ex colon slash source. So here, whatever your drive is, for example, let it be D drive, let's say this. So after writing this, you will be directly redirect to D and you will be having slash. And here you have to change it and go inside CD windows. So once you are there inside the windows, wait, I will just show you everything. Don't worry. Slash, if you are inside windows, again you need to go inside CD system, 32. So you will be having D slash windows slash system 32 and you have to write your code. So step 10 is the code which you need to write inside this. You have to write year run, that's basically stand for rename, utlman.exe. That's a utlmanager to utlman.exe.dat. So what it does is that it takes up basically a backup file. Let me just clear this, this is not looking clear.exe.dat. Perfect. So once you have taken that backup, so what you need to do, you need to use the copy. cmd.exe to utlman.exe, utlman.exe. Then you have to restart the system. So once you have restarted the system, we will go to the step 11. Okay, I think I step 8, step 9, not 10, step 9. Now we will go for step 10. So in step 10, what we will do, we will restart the restarting the system. So wait for the password, wait for the windows to ask password, windows to open. Then click on Utility Manager, Utility Manager or you can say that as ease of access. So in order to launch command blocked. So once you have got that, what you need to do, you need to perform step 11. In step 11, what you do, you need to write net user, which is going to show you, shows the list of user. Okay, then you have write net user, your user name and star and change the password. And that's what you are going to do. And that's how basically you can change the password system when it is long. So basically all this password and user name are stored in your SAM file. So I will just create a note here, the SAM file which I was talking about, note. So SAM file is like kind of a database for your windows. Okay, it's like a database file. It's like a database file which we have in our windows. And where it is located, it is located in C windows system 32 conflict. So in that, you'll be finding it out. And what exactly the SAM file stands for? It stands for your security account manager. And what is the work of the SAM file is? So it's primary work of the primary work of SAM file is to protect your system and to make it more secure. Okay, so if you want to pop a definition of a SAM file. So it is a database present on a computer running windows operating system. It's a database present on computer running windows OS. It stores, it basically stores user accounts and password. Okay, so last point, the primary purpose of the SAM file is to make the system more secure. So just to make the system more secure and protects from a data bridge, from data preach in case a system is stolen. So just to make the system more secure and protect your system. So just to make the system more secure and protect your system.