 So, what is OSI model here? What is the full form of OSI? Open system and then interconnection reference model. OSI, okay. Why this model has come up? Why they invented it? Why they took as a reference model? So many questions, right? So if we have a sender here, let's consider user here, we have a sender. And let's consider we have a user being receive one. Right, guys? If they both want to communicate through internet, right? If they want to send a WhatsApp message or email anything, you know, you guys know right? Till now, if we are taking a Zoom class, how? So internet itself, right? They are logging that they're not sitting somewhere remotely. They are like, you know, I'm sharing my screen and they're learning the things, right? So guys, if sender wants to communicate through internet, okay, to the receiver, how it's happening due to this model? Okay. So by looking into this, they discovered this model. They will be, see, easily it's nothing like send data and data will be sent here. No. OSI model, it's consists of seven layers. Respective layers are there. We have application layer, presentation session layer, network layer, transport layer, network layer and data link layer, many layers are there. It has to cross these layers. Getting. So always remember, who developed this OSI model? ISO. Excuse me. Okay. In the year 19, in 83 or 84, they can ask you why OSI model? Why ISO developed it? Because their main motto is to maintain this TCP session. That means that sender has to communicate with the receiver through internet. This has to be of successful one, right? So they developed this and it was just a paper work. Remember that practically they didn't experimented that. It was just a paper work, okay? When, why it has been considered as a reference model, they took a reference model of OSI and then they developed TCP IP model. Now the question comes. Paper work was already ready. It was developed by ISO. I told you, right? OSI model. And it consists of seven layers, application layer, presentation session, everything. Seven layers worth that. So they can implement it. That only practically. Why they came up to TCP IP model? It is a question, right? Why TCP IP model? Tell me. Why? Who designed it? US defense team, when they were trying to do, okay? Always remember if it comes to TCP IP model, they have to remember what they have to remember about Arpanet. Okay? Arpanet network. It was designed by US defense company. US defense team, they tried to design this Arpanet in order to improve their defensive things to maintain this defensive strategy. There was a network called Arpanet. Okay? So here, what was happening? You know, like OSI model was there. There was a paper work and all. So if Raghav is in Europe, I should be in Europe only if I want to communicate with him through internet. If I was like, if I want to send a message to Vidya, Hi Vidya, how are you? I should be in the same country. That was the thing. So that has to be changed. So US defense people, they changed the whole scenario. They took their reference from OSI and why they changed the thing, they scheme because you know Modi, he used to visit each and every country in order to check like what is the economic thing, how it's like happening here and all. Many companies used to visit and he used to set a meeting right in order to check whether we are lagging back in some economic issues or he used to discuss, right? But US defense team, they were like, they were not able to communicate with other country people. Getting. So their main motto is wherever the open enters, wherever the person is, the opposite individual, they have to communicate through internet. The internet communications should be exchanged between the countries to countries, not in a one single country. If I am staying in America, Raghav should come to me and I should also stay in America. Then only we should communicate this should not happen. So the main motto of the arpanecting, the US defense organization is like they work for dynamic routing. That means wherever you are in whichever country, there should be a proper communication, there should be a proper assisting, TCP session should be that, you should be like easily you can communicate it. It's like that. Getting. I can communicate with Raghav is in Canada also, I can communicate with him if my dad is in quiet, I can easily do a video call, I can easily talk to him. Right? So this main motto is to focus on dynamic routing and TCP.