 First, pass this sniffing. Pass it something. If you first do, you think you are a hub where the traffic is sent to all the ports. You can't switch off the lights, but it is light. If you first do sniffing through a hub where the traffic is sent to all the ports. And second, it involves monitoring packets sent by others without sending any additional packets in the traffic. So, it involves monitoring packets sent by others without sending any additional packets in the network traffic. And what advantage it can give us guys? One advantage, tell me. A significant stealth advantage. What is stealth over active sniffing? The thing is, there is actively should involve, you need to create a math flooding or air piece and the active interaction. But here, it can easily sniff and it can sit quite right. It can hide itself right just by monitoring and capturing. Pass it something, it provides a significant stealth advantage over active sniffing. If they ask you about the advantage, this. Now, hope you guys had written, second type, active sniffing. Active sniffing. First point here, active sniffing. It is used for sniff, a switch based network. It is used to sniff if comes to active, always let you remember what switch based network. If it comes to passive, what do you need to remember? Very good. It involves injecting. It involves injecting what? ARP address resolution packets. Address resolution packets. Into the network to flood the switch. It tries to inject ARP packets. It tries to flood with this packet in order to flood the switch camp table. Cam. Content addressable memory. Using ARP flooding method or ARP spoofing method, he is flooding what? Switch cam table. Content addressable memory. Table. Which keeps track of post port connections. Post. I told you the table rate, guys. It is the one which is keeping track of post and port connections. Getting it. Here with this, yeah. See, once again, active and touch now, you need to remember a switch based network. It involves what? Why he tries to inject ARP? It may be our ARP spoofed packets. It may be he tries to do ARP flooding. Why? Main thing is he is destroying the content addressable memory. Because this is the one which is maintaining the track of all the post and port connections. Now, if they ask you what are active techniques, if they ask you about active sniffing techniques. And also try to remember, guys, in the active sniffing, he mainly intention is he tries to convert switch into hub. Okay. And what are the techniques we have? Mac flooding. Secondly, DNS poisoning. Third, we have ARP poisoning. Fourth. Switch port stealing. Switch port stealing. Spoofing attack. He can even spoof the things and attack. Convert. Okay. Spoofing attack.