 Hello everyone. So in this video, let's talk about the countermeasures required from malware. So countermeasures from malware, it just involves a combination of primitive and reactive strategies to protect systems and network from malicious software for malware attacks. So some of the key countermeasures or best practices involved are we can use maybe antivirus or anti malware software's use of anti malware software's. So installing a reputable antivirus or anti malware software's on all devices, in computer servers and mobile devices. Then if we can go with we can update the systems regularly or keep systems updated. So regular updating of operating systems, software applications and firmware can patch security vulnerabilities. So we have to enable automatic updates whenever possible to ensure systems are protected all the time. So some of the other measures you can take is you can implement firewalls. So use network firewalls to ponder and control incoming and outgoing traffic by blocking malicious connections. So you can also configure firewalls to restrict unnecessary ports and services to reduce the risk of attacks. So some of the measures you can so we all know that email through emails we can get a lot of malware. So we need to enable email filtering. So using email filter and spam detection tools, we can block malicious emails, attachments, links and phishing attempts. But we should also be careful before clicking on any links. You can also practice safe browsing habits or you can use HTTPS enabled websites for secure browsing. So use of HTTPS enabled websites for secure browsing, especially well entering sensitive information or making any online transactions. You can go with simple authentication or you can at the end of the day you just have to monitor and analyze. So by just implementing this countermeasures and best practices, your organizations which just enhance the cyber security, reduce the risk of malware infections and data features. So some of the other countermeasures which you can include is. So some of the good countermeasures or good cyber hygiene practices that prevent malware attacks include as a set patch and update software patching and updating software using firewalls and secure software such as Android. Deploying email security gateways, avoid clicking on suspicious links and downloading attachments, multi factor authentication, two factor authentication, monitor for abnormal or suspicious activities and many more things. So it is essential to adopt a multi layer approach or multi layer approach to defense and stay vigilant across or with malware threats. So this was about countermeasures. Thank you.