 So, this is the model 2, we have a footprinting and reconnaissance here. So, here the main thing is footprinting, I have already told you it refers to the process of collecting information right. So, always before launching an attack, attacker tries to gather information right, he tries to collect information as much as possible right. So, let me just clearly explain you here using the note. So, here reconnaissance is the larger process ok. So, collection of information it is nothing but in a larger process, the subset of this reconnaissance is footprinting ok. So, here we have a attacker, here let us say we have a target so, so first step post of any attack this are footprinting. He first tries to gather information about the target and about its environment, then he moves to the further phase ok. So, always remember in your mind it may be a reconnaissance or it may be a footprinting ok. Reconences of footprinting is nothing but gathering information clear and this footprinting it is the first step of any attack here, it is the first step of any attacker ok. So, further let us study about two types of footprinting here. So, we have two types of footprinting. So, we have all the definitions and the prepudence not to worry. So, here let us you know study about types of footprinting here we have two important footprintings, active, passive footprinting. So, overall footprinting we got to know now the gathering information since we have a active term here active footprinting, it refers to that means, here attacker he tries to interact you know directly with the machines. He is trying to you know if he is trying to interact directly with the machines and then he is trying to collect the respective information ok. So, that is known as active footprinting passive is nothing but without direct interaction he will be not directly interacting here ok without direct interaction sitting somewhere remotely using passive recon tools if he is trying to collect the information about the target and its environment it is known as passive footprinting here ok. So, we can give the example for active footprinting a ping, treasured yeah used to ping and check right. So, directly involving directly interacting with the domain the site and we are pinging it right we are sending the echo request. So, for passive footprinting we have used so many tools like smart tools yeah and net craft. So, all the sitting somewhere remotely we are trying to fetch their site reports of the company right. So, net craft who is this all the passive recon tools active recon you can say as ping, treasured we also have a wire shock if you want to you know sniff as a sniffer we can use you know to monitor and analysis the you know you know to conduct a traffic analysis we use wire shock as a sniffing tool your Google search engines should done. Wire is total this all we studied right this all comes under passive footprinting ok. Active the examples it comes as a Niktok tool it is nothing but a server side Walnorp T tool. See if you want to check the loophole's flaws weakness of any domain you are going to go with Nasis a very best you know the best Walnorp T scanner. It gives you both server side and client side part but only there can be a question only if you want to check the server side flaws or loopholes ok we have a tool under Kali it is a Niktok tool Nikk Tivo Niktok tool under Kali ok. So, also our N map ok and Niktok Metasploit this all comes as our active footprinting examples. So, don't worry we will be giving notes on this.