 can filter packets of the C. If you compare to this session circuit level, this will take place at session layer. And of course, this will be taking place at application layer of the OSign model. And also it will check on all those data, pay or payload and it will compare to that. It will be more secure and it will compare all the incoming and outgoing traffic as well. And it will only allow only gen9 request. Gen9 property CP connection will be there. So these are the things that you can remember from types of firewall, packet filtering firewall, circuit level and we have application level file. See these proxies, this proxy server is nothing but this VPN only. Whatever if you want to access some of the blocker websites, you can use this proxy server with the help of this proxy server. You can able to analyze all the data traffic that has been transmitting from your client machine. To that particular web server, all these things you can analyze the data traffic monitor that data traffic. All those those these things you can do with this proxies. Then we have a state-fold multi-layer that is nothing but the combination of all these things, different kinds of firewall. If you use this combination, then that is called a state-fold multi-layer. Okay, then we'll move on to some of the limitations. See, firewall does not prevent the network from new viruses, that are all inside of it. That's why it will not prevent these new viruses. What's the reason? See, why because in order to prevent these new kind of viruses, back door and all these malicious this one, it should have something similar to that in its database or in its memory. See, let's take the example of this software firewall only. How this software firewall works? If you the software means you will get the updates, right? Regular updates about all these things. In order to capture detect this virus or any of the malware, it should know about this particular malware beforehand. Like it should have that signature or pattern about that particular malware beforehand. So that's how it can detect that particular malware with the pattern of that malware, or behavior of that malware in the network traffic. That's how it can be able to prevent these all these new viruses. If there is no update in its database or in its whatever, a call in its memory, so it can't able to prevent all these new kinds of malware that are there in the network. So that's the reason it won't prevent all these new viruses, back doors, and all these things. See, inside a Rattag is nothing but suppose you're working in a company, what you can do before resigning your company, you can able, what you can do to format all the systems and delete all the files that are there in the host machines of the particular company. And then you can, what you do, you resign from that particular company. So that's the kind of attack we call as inside Rattag, because that insider guy will have all the privileges, all the access to all these data systems and all these things. So that attack we can call as insider Rattag. And from inside also being insider also, you can do all these things like sniffing the network, monitoring the data traffic, all these things with the help of sniffing tools you can do that as well. So that could be considered also as insider attacks. Then does not prevent the passwords misuse. Of course, if you have any default passwords of your or if you have stolen someone's credentials that can't be detected by firewall, it can't prevent social engineering attack and also some of the higher level of protocols. And also it can't able to secure the system from the malware that that is entering in the form of trusted data. If you hide these trojans inside a normal looking file or normal data that also couldn't be prevented with the help of fire. These are the some of the limitations of firewall that we can see intuition detection system that is ideas. Similar to firewall only what see before getting to ideas, let's go to some of the terminologies. See before getting to it intrusion detection system, you need to know what intro to who intruder is. Then what is intrusion. And once you know intrusion, you can able to say what intrusion detection system is. See intrudent is nothing but a person who is trying to gain unauthorized access. So the network of course with criminal intention. So I hope now you know who intruder is. Intrusion is nothing but trying to get unauthorized access. If someone hacker trying to get some unauthorized access to your private network or internal network. That person we can call as intruder and what is intrusion that is nothing but unauthorized access by this particular intruder. So how we can prevent this intrusion. We can prevent this intrusion with the help of this intrusion detection system that is IDS. What this ideas will do it will continuously monitor. It will continuously monitor for all this malicious code or anything that is entering into our system or any malicious data or if any suspicious activity that has been going on in our network. All these things will be monitored by our ideas that is intrusion detection system. Of course similar to firewall it will inspect all the inbound and outbound traffic what is inbound traffic that is coming from this internet inside our network outbound traffic that is going on the whenever the some data. So the data traffic will be moved from internal network to this internet that is we call as outbound traffic it will look off on both of these things because why. Because of insider threat even from inside also insider attack can happen because of that checks traffic as I explained you before for signatures and patterns. It will try to find out that particular signature or pattern whenever the particular pattern is found it will find in the network transmission during the network transmission it can easily able to alert or alarm the. People or network administrator that this these the suspicious activity or malicious code that has been transmitting in the network it can be placed inside the outside or inside the firewall. So these are the things about the ideas that you should remember.