 I will give you a user in this way. This is user A. Okay. Let's say user 1. Here I have a user 2. User 3. User 4. Okay. Like this user user user. Right. So here what happens is now we have a IP of user 2 is this IP. Okay. Max some what I have. A, A, B, B, C, C like this. You know for 8 with 6 add a similar format. Yeah. What happens is so everybody is connected to switch guys. Let's say this is switch. Yeah. User 2 is connected. User 3 is connected. User 4. Everybody we are connected and we are, you know, we are in a communicating. We are communicating to one another. Okay. If user 1, if I want to talk to user 2, I will send a ARP request. I first switch will check who is user 2. What is his IP? What is his Mac? Then only he will accept and he will be, you know, you can share the details to user 2. Okay. Attacker what he tries to do. Here let's say attacker. First he will monitor the packet flow. First he will try to check what is user 1 IP. What is user 2 IP? What is user 3 IP? What is user 4 IP? Then he will select this candidate. He will spoof his IP. Okay. And he will know he will be knowing attacker the mac addresses A, A, B, B, C, C. Then to he will try to change Mac of his own. Okay. Okay. And he knows ARP address resolution protocol. It is the one which helps in mapping IP, Mac, everything and in creating camp table also. He attacker will poison this. Poison in the sense whatever the mapping happens, you know, of IP and Mac, everything will be mismatched. Okay. Attacker will poison this ARP and in camp table this IP should be connected to A, A, B, B, C. They should be mapping of A, A, B, B. No, he will change the Mac address to 1, 1, 2, 3, 3, C. Okay. If ARP is poison in the sense attacker is creating his own IP, Mac for everything is, you know, he is himself creating the camp table. And then whatever I want to contact to user to switch will not allow, switch will allow this sensitive information to attacker. Getting it guys. Now, see this diagram. Overall, remember one thing, okay. First I will write the camp table, PC1, PC2, PC3, PC4. Okay. IP addresses will be in this way. The IP for this PC1 is 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4 and Mac will be let us say A, B, C, D. Okay. So I am here. My main segment. If I want to transfer some sensitive information to this PC3, which is Rajendra's. Okay. So Rajendra, what switch will do? Switch will identify your IP, Mac, the matching everything checks and he will allow me, right? Switch will allow me to contact to you, right? What attacker will do? Attacker is poisoning which protocol? ARP. Why is poisoning this ARP? If you poison this ARP, there is...