 Hi everyone. So the last subtopic of scanning networks here, let's see what's scanning beyond ideas, firewall and network diagrams. So yes, we have so many ideas, evasion techniques to bypass ideas. So you are bypassing the ideas as well as firewall restrictions while network scanning. So we know what is firewall, yeah, it monitors, regulates, it almost filters out the ongoing traffic based on predefined rules. So we also know what is ideas. It completely detects one of the best network security tool which monitors and analyzes the malicious traffic or any network traffic for suspicious activity, okay, and detects and it notifies raises an alarm and it notifies to network admin. So here what happens is under this, you know, ideas. We have, we even see ideas, evasion techniques using fragmented IP packets, spoofing IP, when launching attack and he sometimes, you know, he sniff responses from the server, correcting to proxy server also. Sometimes, yeah, he uses compromised machines, you know, to launch attack here, okay. So almost we can see a source rooting here, okay, as it packets travels through the nodes in the network, each rooter examines destination IP, yes. So source rooting also sometimes helps in bypassing ideas in the firewall. Here as we can see, this is the end map where we can, where attacker tries to create random packets not to bypass firewall. So this is one of the scanning methods, pinks, we bank, pinks can, okay, usually using ideas, evasion techniques and using IP fragmented packets, okay. So it's not a new scanning here, but modification of earlier methods we have as scanning using IP fragments, okay. So TCP header, overall it going to split into several parts so that, you know, packet filters will be not able to detect what the packets are intended to, okay. So same way, we also have draw network diagram section here, let me help you with this. So here, what happens is if drawing, if attacker tries to draw the target's network diagram, okay, it completely gives attacker a very valuable information here, okay. So by extracting so much information by scanning so many things in deep, he tries to extract, okay, you know, valuable information about the network and also its architecture, okay. So main thing is this network diagram shows logical and physical path for a potential target. So we have so many network discovery tool also here. So sometimes he's going to use network topology, mapper. So here it discovers a network and produces a compulsive network diagram here, this tool. And secondly, we have op manager. This is also a monitoring software which offers advanced fault, you know, and performance management functionality across critical IT resources such as, you know, firewalls, switches. So about their functionality, it helps us. And we also have network view. Network view is one of the famous tool, okay. It's a network discovery and management tool for Windows here. It tries to discover both TCP, IP nodes, routes, everything. It shows, you know, net bios part using DNS, how it the settings are, SNMP ports, everything can be easily see under network view tool here. So these are all network discovery as well as the mapping tools, okay. So overall, we have finished the scanning beyond ideas part as well as our network diagrams, okay. So this is the end of the subtopic here and end of the scanning topic. Thank you.