 Then we have two kinds of ideas. One is network based, ideas and another is host based ideas. Let's suppose let's take an example of this one. Suppose this is our internal network. These are our host machines. So here what we can do, we can place our ideas here and what this network based, ideas will do. It will monitor, analyze, capture all these network traffic. And as I told you earlier, it will continuously monitor and try to figure out that particular signature I told you about or pattern that is there in the data traffic. Once you able to get that or with the help of this pattern, it can able to see whether there is any malicious data packets that has been transmitting through this network or not. So these are the things that you can, this network ideas can able to depend, depend, what detect. Then apart from that, we have something called host based ideas. What this host based ideas will do. Host based ideas are nothing but these software that are installed in this particular host machine only. So all these compared to network based ideas, it will not be present in the network infrastructure. It will be installed in each of these host machines. So similar to the NITS, what this host based ideas will do. It will try to monitor track for any malicious files that are there present in the ideas or any malbeths are there. It will detect, try to detect for any malicious code or any malicious data packets that are entering into this host machine. All these things will be done at host level only. Whatever happening in network, this host ideas will not going to take care about all those things. So these are some of the things similar to host ideas. All this network ideas, this will also look out for any suspicious activity that has been going on there. And it will detect if there is any unknown activity going on in our network traffic. So these are some of the things that that you should remember. Apart from these two, we have something called LM FM that is log file monitoring ideas. Logging file means see, see this is some of the host machines that are present in our network infrastructure. And what we can suppose the this is some firewall of this is some server. And this is the external network. Suppose this is the internet external network. What happens here, whatever the traffic that is coming, there will be a server. Okay, whatever the data that is been transmitting from this network infrastructure to internet all these things will be monitored by this server. And what it will do, it will log some of the activities that are there that are been going on in this network. So all these active log activities will be stored in these files. So what it will do, suppose some malicious traffic is entering in our server or let's suppose someone is trying to get access to our internal network. Some hacker or attacker what is trying to do it, trying to get access to our internal network. What this server will do, it will. Log all these activity like whether someone is entering or modifying or data or getting access to our data, all these things will be logged in this in these files that are present in this server. So this is the idea or concept behind this and the log file monitor. For any kind of activity, it will monitor on creates all these files. So whether if you if any system administrator, we check all these files, you can able to see whether someone has tried to access to our network or not. Someone is because we can prepare someone is trying to attack our network. Let's let's be alert and let's prepare for the secure network before the attacker get access to our internal. So these are the things that goes on here. See, there are four kinds of things you should remember. One is true positive. True positive means the attack has happened and this machine ideas has alerted us that yes, the attack has happened and it has detected that attack and along does alerted us about that. That we call us true positive, whereas true negative is concerned, no, there will be no attack and of course this ideas will not alert us about this attack because if there is no attack, it won't alert us. That this means our ideas is working properly as desirable as it should be. So that is the difference between true positive and true negative. When there is something called false positive and false negative what what is false positive false positive means there is no attack. But still ideas will show us there is some kind of attack that is going on in our network. It will give us false alarm that there is been attack but there is even though there is no attack what this will ideas will do. It will show that there is some attack there is some activity there is something going on. So that kind of alert we call us false positive, whereas false negative is concerned there is legitimate attack that is going on but ideas will not alert us about any of those things. Then apart from that we have something called intuition prevention system. See you should understand the difference between ideas and ideas in ideas what it does. It will only detect those activity suspicious activity that network traffic and all those in and it will alert us. It will not prevent that malicious payload or data or malicious traffic. Whereas IPS is concerned it not only detects but also prevent that particular payload or malicious malware. See if you take the example of any anti virus program or software what it does. It will not only detect a particular Trojan virus or malware but also it will remove that and it will quarantine that particular malware and it will fix all these things. Any any misconfiguration and it will prevent our system from all those things. So that's the difference between ideas and IPS. See here what it does it's not only reporting us it's blocking and dropping that particular malware or a payload as well. So this is the main difference between what ideas does it will detect those activity suspicious activity network malicious traffic data traffic all these things. But here IPS not only report that it let us all the work of ideas but apart from that it will prevent that from mentoring our network or our host machines entering into our private network as well. So these are the two things that you should remember. Then let's go to this ideas IPS and sign that is same is nothing but security information and event manager. This is nothing but a again a software or security solution that you can install this in your system. See what ideas does it detects and reports them report to the system administrator then we can we can we can able to decide what the course of action we need to take here compared to ideas what this build us it just not detect the detected particular thing but also prevents that particular attack as well. Here in sign you can see what this does it takes all these things all the functionality of ideas IPS and even firewalls locks files that I told you about it. It takes all the information from all these devices from all these things and then it will construct a full picture of this network security and then it will prevent us from basically this is a software but it will have functionality of all these things ideas IPS firewalls what these three things does it will be done in a single software only. This is the more advanced or technical level if you install the software solution in your host machine your network our host machine will be prevented you can prevent all these data traffic malicious activity and all these attacks on your network.