 Then we have something called C, remote access using Pandom. Similar pattern only, what we did, we created a backdoor rootkit using the FATRAD and we installed that particular file. You can use some of any of the techniques like phishing or any through email and send that file to that particular target. Once they download that file and click on that file, you can able to access all the things. Of the, you can able to control all the things of that particular device. Similar fashion, the attacker what he'll do in order to control this HVAC system what he'll do. He'll send an email with of course to that particular organization with that malicious file attached. Basically, he's conducting a phishing attack. Any of the workers who is working in that particular organization open that particular link and download that malware and once he installed that malware inside any of the system laptop or any of the device. What happens? This attacker can able to get access to the local network and he can able to get access to these devices as well. He can able to do all these things. He can control all the HVAC system heating ventilation AC and all this. So this is how you can use backdoor or any malware in order to control get access to this system. This is the remote access using backdoor. Then we have some something called SDR based attacks on IoT. What are these SDR based attacks? These are nothing but software defined radio attacks. What are the software radio attacks? See, you need to remember three things. When is reply attack? Crypto analysis attack and reconnaissance attack. What happens in reply attack is... This in this attack, the attacker what he'll do, he'll use those devices like hack RF1 kind of devices. He can able to capture the signal that is sent by this remote control device. Suppose you are controlling some machine with this remote and you have sent a signal, a radio signal. With the help of some of these devices like hack RF1, you can able to capture that particular signal. Later, you can able to segregate that signal and you can able to send that particular signal to this machine. You can also turn on or turn off this or whatever the signal that has sent, you can be able to enter and send this to this machine later on. That comes under reply attack. Whereas, crypt analysis... Crypt analysis attack is concerned. What here we are doing here? Similar thing to reply attack. But after we capture the signal, we'll do something called reverse engineering. And we'll analyze all the cryptography, all the things that are there in this signal code. And after decoding this code signal code, we can able to generate our own code. Suppose the signal is to turn on this machine. What you can do, you can modify this... after capturing this signal, you can modify this code in such a way. Suppose this machine is running, you can send the signal and turn off this machine as well. So, all these things come under crypt analysis attack. Then, the third one is reconnaissance attack. See, this reconnaissance attack is similar to that Shodown only can use some of these website like Shodown and all those different kinds of sites website. And basically, we are gathering information about that particular devices in order so that we can able to use some of the default passwords. So, even you can able to conduct these brute force attacks, and all those things. And you can get access to those devices. So, this is how these basically this SDR based attacks is conducted. Here, we will capture the data and we will transfer it to that particular device. Here, we will do something called diverse engineering and we can able to change the original signal. We can able to analyze the code. Then here, we will investigate the chipset. We will get to know the specification of devices, all the details or information about that particular device we can able to get. So, basically, these three are the attacks under SDR based attacks. Then, we have some of the tools that you can see, ACA RF1, RF crack. This is the hardware device that you can able to get your hands on and you can able to capture all those radio signals. And we can do so many things with this one. Then, we have apart from that, we have all these different tools, IoT Spectre, RF crack. All this, we have, we can download from these websites as well, these particular software devices. Then, we have at last, we have some of the contra measures and of course, some of the security tools as well. See, here as a typical countermeasure, you can see always disable this guest or demo user account. So, with the help of this, what these people attackers can do, they can use this admin admin or admin password kind of login credentials and they can get access to the system. Easily without doing anything. Always use Lockout feature. If you remember, if there is at least three failed login attempts, the account should lockout automatically so that attacker can't able to use any more attempts to that and not access. That's that particular device. Strong authentication mechanism encryption, the method into into encryption. Basically, making keep your password stronger and of course use into into into and encryption like pk i. This is more stronger than TLS and all those things patch vulnerabilities keep your system software up to date. And of course, locate your controls networks and devices behind firewalls and isolate them from business network. See, this is the most important step because whatever the malicious code malicious traffic that the data package and all those things will be discarded by firewalls. There is these firewalls that they can't they'll protect and secure this control system. So, these are some of the counter measures that you can remember. Apart from that, we have some of the security tools that you can able to defend those attacks. You can now use these tools. This software solution applications and you can protect from all those IOT attacks that you have shown.