 So, this is the architecture. First, let me explain you before going to that. I think you have familiar with client server model. So, in basic client server model, what happens? I have to be when you want to visit some website. Suppose, take example of google.com. The HTTP request will be sent to a web server. And then what happens? Response will be received in your response will be received in your client or web browser. And it will display the web page. See, this will be overall. This will be model of bit technical one. I will make sure it will be explained. I will explain in simple manner as possible. So, web page will be visible. See, you use so many apps in smartphone right. So what if these apps you can access in the website? So those apps are nothing but we call them as web applications. Accessing these applications through website. So what happens? This is the basic client server model in which we send the request and we get the response. What happens? There is something called application server. In which all these web applications will be rendered. Whenever you try to access some web application, the request will be sent to web server. Then from web server, the request will be sent to this application server. Then again, the request will be sent back through web server to our post machine. So this is the thing that happened. Not necessarily the application server should be separated from web server. It should be included in web server as well. So apart from that, we have something called database. Why did we use database? In any of the website or example, your data only in any of the social media, if you want to access your details like your account, it will be fetched from this database only. So that's about the basic overview of how the architecture looks. I'll show you in the picture. This is the client. You can access through mobile browser or web browser through even phone application, whenever you send the request, it will go to web server. And the response, again, you get the response and web page will be displayed in the web browser. This is the web server. And also this is the web app. It could be present in web server itself or also as I explained you in application server. And some of the file system can be accessed and also the database I showed you. This what is this API? I'll explain in detail. So this is some external system as well. If we want to fetch some data from all these other systems or from database or from application layer, so this is the over concept of how web application works. Now we have, we call this as N tier or 3 tier structure. Okay, we have, we call this N tier or 3 tier architecture. Because we have three tiers here. One, this is the presentation tier, the web server. Second one is this application server. This is the logic code application tier. And finally we have this database tier that is storage of database tier. So let's take an example of this web page or website. Here whatever the content that is being present in the website. There is, there are two things in web development that is front end and backend. So in front end development, we use these languages, HTML, CSS and JavaScript. You remember whatever the content that is present is will be structured through HTML only. The colors, styling, padding, all those things will be done by CSS. And whatever the interactivity that is going on in the website will be done through JavaScript only. Like suppose you want to click this button and some other image will pop up or it will redirect to an entire new web page. So all these things interactivity will be done by JavaScript. So these three are the front end part. The backend, we use some of these languages like PHP, Rube of course, yes Python, Jang, we call it Django. And of course this node JS. So these are some of the backend languages that we use in order to handle all the backend things like whenever you register whenever you sign up for any new web page or any website or log into any website. So all those data like customer data handling, customer data, managing all those things will be done by these languages. So I'll show you how things look like here. See, these are the web browsers. And here in web browsers, these are the front end languages that you see HTML, CSS, DOM, Jax, JQuery, JavaScript and these are the web applications that are even JavaScript. You can write both front end and backend through JavaScript. So these are some of the backend languages that we use in order to write them. So this will be how the structure looks like. So with the help of SQL query language, we can access the database that is present, whatever the data that is present in the database. And also if anything, any other external source you want to fetch, we can fetch from there also as well. See, this is the API that was I was talking about. Simple object access protocol and representation, state transfer API. So these are the two APIs which we, what these APIs used, they used some of these things like JSON and XML to fetch the data from web app to the client browser. The API is nothing but the application programming interface which fetch the, which, suppose take the example of a website. Here, there are different kind of functionalities will be there. Suppose you want to access that, what we need API. We have a web API. Before going to that, I'll explain here. I'll give a perfect example of what exactly API.