 So let's focus on university CP flags can. As the name sees, university CP, the outputs are different and there will be use of flags here. So attackers use to use with the flags or without the flags. So it completely eats up in the worst two PCB outputs. See there was a response port was open but you had no response then port was open and if there is a reset or acknowledgement packet that means if there is a response from target port is closed. So there are different techniques which be used by an attacker. Under this university CP flags can always try to remember. He tries to fetch about the status of ports or about the live missions, you know, setting up some of the flags. There is a usage of flags, sometimes if there is no usage of flags we can call it as null scan which also comes and reties university CP flags can. Let me just help you. The first scanning technique, PCB connect or full open scan. So in this scan it establishes completely a full connection because it is satisfying a three way handshake there. PCB three way handshake. So that means we will be getting a very reliable information or reliable scan but there is a risk here. There is a risk. Because it satisfies three way handshake that means request response and acknowledgement. A attacker is going to acknowledge so it is a reliable scan and a risky also. The second technique we have is half open scan which is also known as stel the scan. Sometimes it is also known as syncs scan. So in this case, attacker will be sending the attacker let's say here and let's say here we have a target. Attacres used to send a sync packet same way in order to check for the open goods if there is a reply response of sync and a callage method. Okay. Port is open but attacker is not going to acknowledge it. He just resets the connection. He just in the communication or connection from both the directions. Why he is not acknowledging himself. He is hiding himself. Okay. He is just hiding himself here. He is trying to hide himself and usually attackers if they want to bypass firewalls they always go to this scanning. They try to avoid ideas also. So if there is a response sync or acknowledgement as previous scan port is opening. If there is no response just a reset packet port is close. The outputs are same here but it is the one which is establishing a full connection but half open scan there is just a request and response. There is no acknowledgement part. He just reset a connection. He will be ending the connection from both the directions. He is completely trying to hide himself here in the stealth scan. So stealth scan is being used by that attacker in order to bypass firewalls and bypass ideas. Okay. So when these two techniques are done the third we have is university cp flags scan. So here a university cp the outputs are completely opposite a inverse. So in the previous two cases if there is a response then port is open. If there is no response just a reset packet then there was a port close. Right. Status of port was closed but here the outputs are inverse. If there is a response or if there is no response port is open. If there is a response of reset or acknowledgement packet port is close. A complete inverse output can be seen here in the university cp flags scan and there is a usage of flags here. He may use push, arch, fin, acknowledgement any kind of flags here. Without the usage of flags it can be a null scan. So overall under this university cp flags scan here. So under this university cp flags scan we have x-mascan. We have null scan, fin scan. So I will just explain you the x-mascan then it will be used here for you. Let's say we have an attacker here and the target here. If attacker is sending a sync packet okay. Some packet, prop packet to search for this you know to check for the live machines and the open puts with respect to the start get what happens here. The very important flags fin, arch, push. Here he will be focusing on these three flags and he will be sending the packets and if there is no response then port is open. Same as in university cp. If there is a response, if there is a response that means port is closed. So he check for the ports here. He checks here also the main thing is he checks for open puts as well as close ports. But here he follows university cp flags scan technique. There will be usage of flags and you know outputs are inverse not like previous techniques. It comes completely enhances university cp flags scan. So same there here if you are x-mascan please try to remember these flags, if there is no flags, if there is no flags, if there is no flags, there will be no flags. But if it's a fin scan he just uses a fin flag not push and just he will be using the fin flag. Okay, to check whether go to open or close. So let me help you with the enmap commands here. You know we will check these scans. We have enmap. If in yes t target IP, you know we will check full connects scan. We have syncs scan or stelcs scan also target IP enmap. If in yes x-mascan target IP, you know we will have to conduct x-mascan. We have fin scan sf. Here the one doubt which comes up here is why it is called as x-mascan. So by analyzing this in x-mascan, if he uses under enmap, if in yes x-mascan target IP, so whatever the flags fin urge push. So in this way, I push. So there will be a x-mas tree formation here. So whatever the outputs here comes under enmap and in that case, the flags, respective flags fin push arch, these three flags will be blinking under this x-mas tree format. Hence the name has come as x-mascan. So please remember if it comes to x-mascan, always there is a usage of these three flags fin push and arch. And when it comes to null scan, there will be no usage of flags at all. And if it comes to fin flag, there is a usage of just a fin flag. Let me just show you this under our slide. Yes, we can analyze here. x-mascan, here there is a usage of arch fin push. So he will be sending it, a packet, no response or photos open. There is a response photos closed. So it comes under university cp flags can here. But the main thing is, it will not work against any current version of Windows. Hence you can try the enmap under cali. So we also have fin scan, where as I told you, he just focuses on the fin packet. He used to send a fin packet to the target port and he checks for open state or the post state here. So again, it also comes under university cp flags scan. Hence there is no response photos open if there is response that means photos closed. So we also have a null scan, where we can find out without flags. So under null scan, attack will be not setting any kind of flags. There will be no flags and he just focuses on the status of ports again. This also comes under university cp flags can here. So here it completes our university cp flags scans null fin and x-mascans. And also we have completed the first scan, tcp can x can, second stealth, third x-mas fin null. Which all comes under our university cp flags can here. Thank you.