 And now, pretty simple straightforward attacks only. I'll explain each of them through slides. See what's happening here. I have explained you about in second in-native quit, supply chain security. That is top two of the our OS. But what is that? In-native quit, supply chain security. What's happened in there? OK. If there is no waiting of apps, what happens attacker can upload his malicious app in any of even official store or third party apps to as soon as this mobile user downloads the tap, all the details or access to the data, like call logs, photos, videos, sensitive documents, all will be sent to the attacker. This is pretty much straightforward. All these attacks are simple and straightforward. Then we have something called sandboxing environment. What happens in sandboxing? If you observe this image, you can see two things. Secure sandbox environment and vulnerable sandbox environment. That is, if you have this secure sandbox environment, what happens? Even though you few installed some of these malicious apps, it will have some limited access to the user data and limited. It will utilize limited resources. If there is no sandbox environment in your phone, what happens? This app can able to extract all the data that is present in your smartness. So this is the how sandboxing works. There is a we use sandboxing malware threats. If you remember, with the help of sandbox environment, what we can do? We can execute them some malware and observe its behavior, how it runs, what are the things it can do, and all those things. What these attackers can do? They can send some fake website links through email. As soon as the people users click on that link, they will be shown a fake website, login page of that website. Either it be Gmail, Facebook, or any of these things. As soon as they enter their login and password, it will be sent to the attacker. Similarly, same attack if they conduct through SMS or phone, it is called as SMS phishing attack or smishing. See here what this attacker will do, it will send the SMS and it will put the link in the SMS. As soon as the user clicks on this link and enter all these things, it will be sent to the attacker. See here, compared to email, SMS phishing is effective. Why? Because of these things. Most consumers access the internet through mobile phone as you remember from yesterday's fact, easy to set up, no need to write some cloning, no need to clone a particular website and do all those things. Easy to set up here, detect and stop before okay. And there are no antivirus also. And there is no mainstream mechanism in email. You see there is some section called spam in which all these spam emails will be stored. Here if you use SMS phishing, no mechanism is there to store these spam SMS or spam messages. So these are the things which makes SMS phishing effective. There are two things you should remember. One is blue, snarping and blue bugging. It is nothing but when you transmit some data through Bluetooth to some other legitimate user, what happens? Attacker can able to conduct, manning the middle attack and able to steal all the data that is being in the transmission. But you need to remember these two things. One, blue snarping, what is blue snarping? Stealing information via Bluetooth. What is blue bugging? Gaining control over the device. Here in snarping, we are just stealing the information. But in blue bugging, we can able to access the whole device itself, able to take the control of the whole device. So that's the two things you should remember. Agents with us also the same thing that I have explained you. Attacker, what he can do, he can publish a malicious app in third party store. As soon as the user downloads, it will be, malware will be installed in his device and it will be bombarded with irrelevant ads or something due to this malicious app. So this is also pretty much, the name is agent smithata. Then this is the blue bugging I was talking about. Then what else we have? We have something called signaling systems, seven vulnerability. I hope you know how the text and call my things works. As soon as you enter someone's phone number or you want to send SMS or call to some other person, signal will be transmitted to nearest mobile network. Then it will go to satellite and then it will be moved to other mobile networks, other in other regions. Then from there it will be transmitted to the receiver. So here, since there is no communication, there is a communication protocol, but there is no proper encryption there in this transmission process. So it will be vulnerable and he can attacker what he can do. He can intercept this calls, why tapping, you know, what happens in why tapping? That is pretty much straightforward. Through why tapping a third person can able to listen to your conversation between two people. Similarly, this is the SS seven vulnerability. Here in this through this vulnerability, attacker can able to intercept the SMS messages and also call that has been going on between two people. This is this then at last we have something called SIM, Jacker, SIM card attack. What happens in this attacker sends malicious code via SMS in SMS, smishing what happens? Here, he'll send malicious code through SMS. With this, there is something called SAT browser inside the SIM card, which consists all these details like location and cell ID and all these things. With the help of this code, this attacker can extract all these details and it will be redirected to this device, all these details like the location of that particular device, cell ID and all these things. So this attack we can call a SIM jacker of SIM card attack.