 Some of the cloud deployment module models is public cloud. We can able to see this is what I told you about resource polling. Some of the users are initiating the access. Some of the users are terminating the access. Some of the users are accessing cloud via network. So these are basically the public cloud. Any anyone can access this cloud. And there is something called boundary controller which has some security parameter. No other people can able to get without any credit. For example, let's move to in private cloud, you can able to understand this better. See in order this is the example of private cloud in private cloud infrastructure. It is operated for a single organization only. Suppose you are a company, you are running a company and you have access or taken the service of a private room. Only your employees can able to access that particular cloud. If anyone from outside want to access that they can able to access through some of the login credentials and all those things. No other access will be there for outsiders. So this is the typical example of a private cloud. Similarly, suppose you have some deal with some other company. There are so many different organizations are there not only to some three or four organizations are collaborated for a single project. And they want to access these cloud for their project. So then what we can able to use we can use something called community cloud. Several organizations from a specific community with common concerns. So many different organizations will come up and they'll utilize this community cloud. Then we have something called hybrid cloud is basically the combination of different cloud private cloud and public private public and also community cloud. If you deploy all these three things together, we can call it as hybrid cloud. Apart from that we have something called multi cloud here as I told you we have different vendors have in order to balance the load. What you can do to achieve some of your business goals you can use different vendors cloud services from different vendors for example Amazon Microsoft as your global Google platform. And also private cloud so with the help of all these things if you utilize services from all these other vendors that we can call us multi cloud system. So these are some of the different cloud deployment models. Then we have something called NIST cloud deployment service architecture. NIST is nothing but national institute of standardization technology. So here we need to remember three things one is cloud auditor another is cloud broker and of course cloud carrier see cloud provider you know about all those vendors. And of course we are people are the cloud consumers. The connectivity will be there that will connect to us that will connect us to this cloud provider through cloud carrier. So there are two more entities are there who are these people. These people are cloud auditors and cloud brokers what these people will do. See these cloud auditors will prepare and prepare an assessment. Like they'll figure they'll check out all their test all these things like what are the services that are provided with by this particular vendor how it has been. How a consumer has been utilizing that particular service whether it is reliable or not so they check all these things whether it the data will be secure or not how is the performance whether it will give on time real in delivery of the service in real time or not all these things will be checked by these cloud auditors and they will prepare and report. Or they'll prepare this report and they'll submit to these cloud providers that these are the things that are in we found out in our assessments. So you so you need to improve those things. Whereas cloud broker are concerned they are like arbitrators. They will be in between the consumer and cloud provider. Suppose you are facing some issue in your cloud computing service what you can do you can contact this cloud brokers that these are the some of the issues that are facing in our cloud computer in from this particular cloud provider. So what they'll do they provide us they'll contact the cloud providers and they'll contact the CSP cloud service providers and they'll remediate the issue so I hope you can able to differentiate what these cloud auditors will do and what are the work done by cloud broker in here. So these are the some of the things that you need to remember in this our this our architecture. Then see these are the some of the providers that I was talking about. Amazon CWS Microsoft as your Google cloud is there even IBM cloud is there so so many cloud service years piece are there can able to access. All those cloud computing services from these vendors.