 Hello everyone, so let's study with the OS Discovery Concepts here. So as we know OS Detections can, it's completely discovered which OS of a target network how computer is running. Right? So same way our end map is we're going to use end map tool, a very best tool in order to determine the OS. Okay? So let's help you here with the proper overview of OS Discovery. So when it comes to OS Discovery, as I told you we're going to use the end map tool here. So under this end map, okay? The end map used to send the TCP packets with specific characteristics or crops, you know, to the target host here. So then we're going to determine the OS based on host responses. So even in advanced options of this scan, you know, they even can detect the specific OS version and also the potential security risks. So here there can be a question which command for OS Discovery in the end map, right? So the iPhone gave flag, okay? It can be used in combination with other end map commands or else we can use iPhone capital V here on our end map command, okay? To end map, iPhone A or iPhone V with target IP. If you're using this command, this flag on our end map command, it reveals the respective OS or operating system information here, sorry, operating system information here of the map hosts. So this is the flag which enables OS detection here. So host discovery in and map, it's nothing but we used to know this process of gathering information about the host in the respective network, right? Sometimes the host to discovery, even we can call it as a pink scan. We just ping the respective IP to check whether the host is alive or not. You can just do it under command prompt here, okay? But for OS detection here, this is the flag which enables OS detection. Ordinantly you can even use iPhone V here, okay? So yes, this comes under the OS Discovery part and let us know few commands on end map, okay, which we can use further here. Let's go quickly with end map commands and map scan types. So when I want to focus on TCP full connect scan, I should go with end map iPhone SD and then target IP. Same way, if I want to go with stealth scan, I want to go with iPhone yes yes, okay? So even sometimes if I want to go with X must can, we'll be going with iPhone X, SX. So SX and for Null scan we have as end map iPhone yes, Yen for thin scan we have as SF. So these three comes under inverse TCP flags scan. So your open gives no response close gives in this, okay? Open gives no response. But close gives a reset or acknowledgement there will be a response for close, okay? So X must scan if it comes to X must scan we need to set. So we need to set the flags fin push and edge and these are the flags which I had mentioned earlier while explaining the X must scan they will be lighting, okay? Lightning the packet up like a Christmas tree here, okay? So yes, these are all the scanning types. So further if you want to go with the acknowledgement scan, we can go ahead with end map iPhone yes a and if you want to go with windows scan SW, just all the end maps scripts here, okay? So for acknowledgement scan you can use it for in order to check filter if acknowledgement scan is sent no response that means state profile was present. Let me just quickly go with the slide and show you. So this is all done, we have finished film, none, okay? And yeah, UDP scan also we have where user data gram protocol, right? So UDP we know it's a connection less protocol, it works for your time, right? So here under this UDP scan he tries to you know, UDP packets will be sent without creating a connection, okay? Examples we can take up as DNS, DHCP, ATFTP. So same way here also no response port is open but if port is closed we will be getting a ICMP unreachable port, unreachable message which will be received, okay? So yes, here also in map command iPhone yes you can be used, there will be no three way handshake in UDP scan, okay? So as like TCP can scan there will be no, okay? We can't compare this UDP scan for a further TCP can scan because in this method we are just trying to check the open ports, okay? Now that means we are trying to check the status of UDP ports here, okay? So open UDP ports usually do not respond, okay? To UDP data grams here as there is no state full mechanism within the protocol, okay? So the main difference between UDP and TCP scans art, UDP scans are slower than TCP scans, okay? So under NMAP if you want to check the NMAP, you know output of UDP scan we can go with NMAP iPhone yes you here. So same way it is also similar to university TCP flags can no response port is open, port is closed means we will be just getting a ICMP unreachable message here, okay? So as we know ICMP protocol, right? If you ping an IP you are just sending a request reply there. ICMP the internet control message protocol it's the one of the best network layer protocol used by network devices in auto-diagnose network communication issues. They actually ICMP is the one which determines whether or not data is reaching to the destination or not, okay? Yes. So even for reporting errors and performing network diagnostics we use ICMP. So overall if port is open we will be getting your response from the target server if port is closed we will be getting a message, okay? It responds with ICMP unreachable message. A very important point on UDP scan is the attackers if they want to you know insert malware strawgents back if they want to create a back door, okay? If they want to insert into the target server they go with this. They use this UDP ports in auto and hands malware attack here, okay?