 So yes, here comes our NetSparker and Viasha. So the NetSparker is one of the best web application securities candidate here. It is the one which used to identify the well-known optis, such as you can say, I ask you an injection or process script attack, anything in web applications. It is the one who used to analyze it. We also have a Viasha. It is also one of the best network analyzer. So it is the one which captures and displays the data which is traveling back and forth on the network in real time. So yes, as we can see, it's one of the valuable tools for network troubleshooting as well as security monitoring here. So let us know about another tools, John the River here. One moment. So now let us know about another tools like John the River Tool as well as our Agi-Abi Scanner. So we have John the River. So this John the River Tool, let us pass what cracking tool here. One of the best password cracking tool. So here it can be used to detect weak passwords. A very weak password can be detected using this password cracking tool here. So by performing here dictionary attacks, brute force attacks and dream motive attacks. So using these attacks, we can easily detect weak passwords here and we also know about Kain and Debel. It is also one of the best password recovery tool. It's not a cracking tool but it's a password recovery tool here. So it's specially password recovery tool for Microsoft Windows. So it can recover various kind of passwords using methods such as network packets sniffing and dictionary attacks. A network packet sniffing methodology can be used or dictionary attacks. So Kain and Debel, it's also one of the best password recovery tool for Microsoft Windows and even it can recover various kinds of passwords using methods which has been mentioned here network packets sniffing as well as dictionary attacks here. So it is moved with the last tools. We have an Agi-Abi Scanner and Niktoh here. Agi-Abi Scanner here. So here it is one of the best networks, Kain-Abi Tool Agi and it works Kain-Abi Tool. But you can scan IP addresses, ports to find the connected device. In order to find the connected device here, this tool simply scans IP addresses and the respective ports to gather information about them. I can show you here on the slide. So this is what our Agi-Abi Scanner tool, where we just need to give the IP ranges. Once you give the IP ranges, just click on the start. It shows how many connected devices with that, open ports with that, you know, web server, I'm description and even it gives us the host names also here. This is the output for Agi-Abi Scanner. Whatever the blue color we can see, green red here at the output. So red host is dead, blue host is alive and blue. Green is host is alive, blue even blue is host is alive, but it never responds to the respective application here. We also have a Niktoh tool here. The Niktoh tool here, it is also one of the best open source web servers, Kain-Abi. It is the one which performs comprehensive tests. So when intelligence tests against web servers for multiple times, you know. So this Niktoh, it is the one which is mainly used as a well-known scanner, but it just checks the well-known D under server side. So we can say that this is our dated software versions that we have here. So it generates a detailed report with the prioritized recommendations for mitigating, you know, identified security risk. It overall helps the organization in improvisation, as well as in improving security posture of their web applications here. And here is the output. We just need to give Niktoh an H&H IP address with the code numbers. So we can check the server side vulnerability here clearly. So this is the end of the Cybersecurity Tools intro. Thank you.