 Hi guys, in this video we'll be looking into data processing and analysis. So let's hop into this and now let's say you have certain data with you. Let's say you've got age data, weight, gender, let's say name and gender. Name and gender. Just look at here, look at the data which I'm generating. Let's in the first data you've got, let's say someone age is 22, weight is 73.2 kilograms. Let's say name is Mr. X, gender is, let's say the second one, age 26, weight 75.1, Mr. Y, a gender may. Similarly, little three, this person does not close his age. Weight, let's say 74.8, let's say this is Mrs. Y and let's say she doesn't want to say it's the gender. Let's say 4, weight is 24, weight that person does not know his weight. Let's say we have name as Mrs. Z. That's a female, 5, 23, let's say 7, 7, 4.9 Mr. A male. Okay, so by mistake, I've given 7, 7, 4.9. Okay, so now tell me, tell me here, these are the boxes. The white boxes you can see, what are these? These are your null values. These are your null values. Now what happens if you do, if you have a null values, first thing first thing is that data, visualize and become difficult. Data, visualize visualization, becomes difficult. Okay, so what we need to do, we need to fill the data. Otherwise, what we can do is that I can delete this row or I can delete this particular column wherever the null values are there. So tell me, what should I go with? Should I delete this particular row or should I delete this particular column? And if you're thinking row, why row, if you're thinking column, why column? So we never choose to delete anything, neither row nor the column. Yes, we will not choose to delete anything. What we can do is that we can use the measures of centroid tendencies to fill up these missing values. Correct. So we have to use either mean, median and mode. So when to use what I will say you just pay attention, this is also very important. Now tell me, let's either told that I don't want to delete, I don't want to delete the column as well, not the row, not the column. So deleting will be always your last parity. So deleting things will be always your last parity. If you do not delete that, what we will do, we are going to use the concept of infuting or filling the null values. Okay. So either with this particular age column, you can go with either mean or median. It's up to you what you're going with. So let's see, what is the mean value I'm getting for this particular column? And what is the median value I'm getting for that particular column? Tell me the answer, mean and median. So it is kind of mean, we'll be around 23.75. I think this is also going to be 23.5. So approximately you can see that your mean and median are giving the quite the same value. So you can see that your mean and your median are quite the same, right? So can I put the value here 23? Approximate value which is very close to that. But now look for the weight which value I should use. So now you need to tell me what value should I give for the weight? Should I go with the mean? If I go with the mean, what will be the value for the mean? If I go with the median, what will be the value? So find the mean and median for both for this particular column. So to 49.5 for the mean, what is the median you are getting? I'll come there, 74.95 is the median, so here you are getting 74.95. So now look at here, it's fine, don't do the calculation anymore, look here. I got the median value I have 74.9 and mean value I have 249.95. So, which is the correct value should I go with the median or should I go with the mean? So of course, I need to go with the median because you can see that just having one value something like this, just having one value something like this a very huge value which is basically known as a outlier. Any values which is kind of abnormal to your complete data will be known as an outlier. Okay, so here whenever you have an outlier in your system, you have to go for the median value. So here I am going to go for the median value at 74.9. So what exactly an outlier is? So outlier is an abnormal data point and outlier is an abnormal data point which might crept into your system knowingly or unknowingly. Knowingly or unknowingly. So I hope this is something something is visible just like this is unknowingly. I can't write it here. Fine. Fine. So now you can tell me what will be the value for gender this empty space? It has to be female because you can see that the name here is Mr. Mrs. Y. So if it is Mrs. Of course, it needs to be a female. So yes. So this is it. So now you can tell me what will be the value for gender this empty space? So now you can tell me what will be the value for gender this empty space? So now you can tell me what will be the value for gender this empty space?