 Hello everyone. So in this video, let's discuss about malware. So in detail, let's discuss malware threats. So before that, what is this malware? So malware, it is nothing but a malicious software. So we have different kinds of malware. For example, we have virus, we have worms, we have ransomware, we have ratkits, we have spyware. So these are the different types of malware. So while the developers see the main game here is, hackers develop this to steal data or credentials, passwords, or important sensitive data from the user. So that is the main game behind creating this malware. So malware, as I said, it is a malicious software. So malicious software, the damages or disables, computer systems, and gives limited or full control of the system to the malware creator. So we use this for creating for the purpose of theft or product. So these malware, and then nothing but computer programs designed to infiltrate damage computers without user consent. So malware is a general term covering all the different types of threats such as virus, spyware, worms, trojans. So these are the different kinds of malware. So why different names? Because we have different names because the function, the working mechanism varies along with the features. So that's why we have different names. So why did they develop this malware? There are several reasons why developers develop this malware. First one, so malware, they will slow down the system. They'll slow down the system and degrade the performance. Maybe they can also cause hardware failure, making computers inoperable. They can also steal personal information, steal personal information like contacts, passwords, keyloggers, then they will attack browsers and they can also track websites visited. So this is the main intention why they're creating this malware. So these are the symptoms of malware. So whenever a malware is attacked on your system, they'll be increased usage performance, slow computer or web browser speeds. You will see the clacks or jitters, problem connecting to networks, freezing or crashing. So sometimes they'll be freezing of apps and the files will be dislocated or deleted, misplaced, something or the other will be happening. Then appearance of strange files, some new files which are not downloaded, programs or desktop icons will be created automatically. Then maybe sometimes your web cam will turn on. So these are the symptoms of your malware. So whenever a system is getting was attacked, this will be the systems. So that is fine. So now let's understand how different, what are the different ways attacker chooses to deploy a malware on a system. So what are the different ways to deploy malware on a system? So it has different possibilities. First one has maybe through in message up messenger applications. So instantly you can deploy this malware on through messenger applications or portable devices, portable hardware devices or removable devices, portable hardware. You can also send this malware through email attachments. Or I can also infect your system through Bluetooth. Bluetooth or wireless networks. So maybe if you go visit any untrusted sites or third party software, install any third party software, there is a higher chance that malware can be installed in the background and many things. So some of the examples are so many chats like your messenger applications which has no encryption. So it is majorly not seen. So now let's discuss maybe the types of malware. So we saw a couple of them. So you have virus, worms, trochants, spyware, Adaware, ransomware, root key loggers, botnet bugs. You also have root kits, botnet bugs. So these are the different names of the malware. So each has its own functionality. The properties of the features are different hence different names. So this was about malware concept. Thank you.