 Now comes the most interesting part that is firewall technology. See here we have two kinds of firewall types of firewalls. One is packet filtering firewall and another one is circuit gateway. So what happens in packet filtering firewall? Suppose this is the internet. And this is suppose this is a pfpf or what this pff can call this as packet filtering router. Why we are using router? Because even router can act as a firewall. As you can install the firewall software inside router as well. So this is suppose let's assume this as a packet filtering router and this is our private network. See there are some set of rules that you need to remember. There could be different kinds of rules. What are these rules? These set of rules are about source address, destination address, about some protocols, ports, port numbers. See what happening here is you can define some of your custom rules as well. There are some set of rules here. What are these rules? Suppose if some data packet has been transmitting from internet to your private network, don't allow those data packets which has this some kind of suppose source address like 192168.1.10. If you put this rule here in the packet filtering router, it won't allow this particular data packet. So you can similarly put another rule such as if the data packet is coming from this particular port number, don't allow the data packet. So these are some of the rules that are defined in this packet filtering router. From this also we can able to see if you remember or data packet what it consists. It does in apart from data it consists all these set of information. The source address, the destination address, all these flags offset number and all these things. But here the thing about this packet filtering firewall is it does not check the data. What it does it just check all these set of rules only if there is no suppose let's take an example if there are no rules that are present in the packet filtering router. What it does it does something called default action and what our default action should be it should be to discard that particular packet. See you can put default as the action as you can follow those packets even if some of those packets doesn't present or doesn't match to any of the rules. That are present here but it's better to discard those packets in order to protect your network or private whatever the host machines that are there in a private network. So these are the things that are there in packet filtering router work at network layer and usually part of a router as I told you. Each packet is compared with set of criteria what are the set of criteria nothing but the nothing but those set of rules that I told you. So those are the rules that it will compare each packet with and then those packet we keep depending upon that particular rule. This will this router will decide whether to allow that packet or not so what are these rules included all these things source destination IP port number protocols all these things so I hope packet filtering is clear. See whereas circuit level is concerned. It will look for the if you remember OSI model layer fine. It works at the session layer and as compared to this packet filtering firewall this does not. All over disallow these packets. Instead of looking at packets what this does this circuit level gate will focus on whether to allow or disallow the entire connection itself. And it also validates all this TCP or UDP connection and apart from that it evaluate the TCP handshake whether. Proper connection has been established or not other like since in a pack proper three way handshake has been formed and connection has been found between post and the server or not it will validate all those things and then only it will give access to the host machine otherwise it can it will block that particular connection and. It will monitor request and then it will determine whether you will allow that particular session or not. And as I told you they do not filter as compared to this packet filtering firewall this will not filter particular individual packet but instead of that it will focus clearly on the connections. Then we have something called application firewall. See if you remember there is something called this proxy server. See all the data that are that is going whenever you request something suppose this is the thing this is the client and you are sending some request HTTP request to. This web server what's happening here all the data first will be transferred to this particular proxy server then the request will be sent from this proxy server to web server then whatever the response that is that is received from. Web server will be sent to this proxy server then from here it will be moved to this slide. See if you compare this to packet filtering firewall there only the set of rules will be. Like this this resource address destination address these will be checked and data will be ignored but here in the application a data will be checked so compared to packet filtering this is a bit more secure. As it will check particular data or payload. So these are some of the things you can remember.