 Hi, do you want today let's start learning hacking wireless networks. Let's focus on this. Okay. So as we know, the wireless technology, right? So the network technology is heading towards a new way of technological evolution. So wireless technologies. So here wireless networking is revolutionizing the way people work and play. Okay. So a wireless network, it's an unbounded data communication system that I think that uses, you know, RF technology here to communicate with devices and obtain data. Right. So this section will try to describe your basic wireless concepts here. Okay. So let's go with the wireless concepts here. So as we know, wireless network Wi-Fi, it refers to WLANs based on this. I have to apply it 8202.11, right? This standard. So here when we come to the standard, okay. The main thing is wireless networks, they use lead-uube transmission, which usually occurs at the physical layer of the network infrastructure or structure. Okay. So here, this, we need to remember about this standard, which is very much important. Okay. So hand, it is the one which allows device to access networks from anywhere with APM-CHA. True. So when it comes to, see, even you can use, you know, you can play video game, you can even connect to your computer laptop, anywhere you can use this, right? So whatever the standard year, it's there, 802.11, okay. This is the Wi-Fi standard. Apply to all the WLANs. So actually, it is, it uses HFH, SS and G-ChIPLE as here, okay, as frequency hopping spectrum. So it is the one which allows an electronic device to establish a wireless connection in any network. Okay. So just for the basic terminologies. So as we can see, the types of wireless network are pure, right? So we have a extension to a wired network, yeah. So previously, there was an extension user, you can extend a wired network by placing APS, you know, access points between a wired network as well as wireless device here. So yeah, this wireless network can also be created using access points also. When it comes to another section, we can see there are multiple access points and even then with 3G, 4G and LAN to LAN, so many types we can see under our types of wireless networks, right? So when it comes to 3G, 4G hotspot, it's a type of wireless network which provides Wi-Fi access, including your notebook, you know, tablets, cameras, anywhere you can use, right? So when it comes to LAN to LAN, your, what's happening? So APS access points are provide wireless connectivity to local computers over there, okay? On different networks that can be interconnected, okay? So it's completed different tasks. So these are all the types of wireless networks over here. So let's focus on wireless encryption and wireless threads over here, okay? Yes, these are all the types of wireless encryption. Let me help you by launching my one note here. So when it comes to wireless encryption, okay? So we have WEP, JWPA, WPA2, okay? So these are now we also have the updated one WPA3 also. So these are all the wireless security protocols, okay? Wireless security protocols. So they are the one, okay, which prevent unauthorized access, eavesdropping on wireless networks here. So they protect your data, okay? We just sent over a Wi-Fi network. They are the one who protects your data by encrypting it so that you know attackers can't read that. So let's see one by one. So how, you know, why WEP, then why it came to WPA, so the update and everything, let's study. So the new EP is nothing but wired equivalent privacy. So this is the first wireless security protocol, which they introduced in 1997, okay? In order to secure their data on wireless networks. So the main goal is here to secure their wireless communication just by encrypting it and your their main motor was to prevent cyber attacks. So this was encrypting the traffic using 64, 2 all its and 128 bit encryption keys, okay? So these keys, well, you know, these keys were allowed, it connected wireless security enabled network and they were n fingers in encryption. But here, the thing is it was vulnerable to so many attacks. It was vulnerable to brute force attacks and, you know, so many attacks such that it was easily hackable, okay? It was very easily attacker where hacking it, okay, due to some flaws. So what? Then instead of recommending WPA, it got upgraded and finally we have WPA, okay? So hackers, they discovered security flaws in the WEP security standard. So what? We finally came into this WPA, okay? Here WPA is nothing but Wi-Fi protected access. It's a Wi-Fi protected access. It's an improved encryption standard for Wi-Fi network protection. It got released in 2003 and it was developed, you know, for better data encryption and user authentication on wireless networks. So, you know, completely they were focused, they addressed on the static key value P, okay? So here what happens is the algorithm, this WPA was using TKIP. It uses TKIP, it's nothing but temporal key, temporal key integrity protocol, okay? It was dealing with this. So this is the protocol which used to generate a new key for each packet, which has been transmitted over the network. So when key changes each time, the attacker will be having the less information available to them, right? So which makes it more difficult to then, you know, do not know, hijack a data package. So this TKIP was preventing attackers from creating their own keys that match the one used on the wireless network, okay? So this WPA, it was using 128-bit encryption key here, okay? So even it includes message integrity checks, okay? And then, however, despite these security updates still hackers, they found ways to exploit WPN. Hence, why we jumped into WPA2, okay? The third after WEP and WPA we jumped into WPA2. It's an improved version, okay? So I just can tell you it's a very improved version of WPA here, okay? It got introduced in 2004 here. It was widely adopted, okay? It was actually considered as the industry standard nor to secure Wi-Fi networks. So most of the routers and Wi-Fi connections, they use this WPA2 because, you know, due to its main improvements. So especially the first thing what improvements can be seen is stronger encryption. Why stronger encryption in this sense, this WPA2 was dealing with AES, okay? So advanced encryption standard, one of the best encryption standards, still no no attacks have been seen here. So this AES is more secure than RC4 as well as TKIP. So hence, they were using this here, okay? And also, in order to verify the integrity of encrypted packages, they were using CCMP, which is nothing but, you know, cypher block-chaining message authentication protocol, okay? This was one of the best combination over here, okay? So as we can see here, nowadays, they are still trying to have a latest and most secure Wi-Fi product and access, which is WPA3 recently got released in 2018. So this, you know, this WPA3, it adds extra security to both personal and enterprise moods here, okay? So he were, he when he heard they are focusing on strong data encryption. So it actually uses individualized data encryption here, not to improve security and privacy of Wi-Fi networks here, okay? So, yes. So this actually WPA3 uses a longer encryption key, okay? 192 key for personal mood, and 256-bit keys for enterprise moods. So in WPA3, yes, even AES has been implemented, okay? So using SEAE protocol also, FEAE is nothing but simultaneous authentication of equal protocols, okay? So here, you know, it's completely, you know, it's a very good version WPA3, where it's mitigating all the password-gassing items, offline attacks. So it's a very more secure key exchange method. So it's recently released in 2018, okay? So even this WPA3 protects you from dictionary attacks and root force attacks, one of the very important parts, okay? It's protecting us from dictionary attacks as well as from root force attacks, okay? So in which hackers they used to use trial and error method, you know, to crack their Wi-Fi passwords, login credentials and encryption keys, but it's being difficult for them in WPA3 version. So these are the difference between each wireless security protocols. So WEP, WPA, WPA2, WPA3, they have same goal to protect the wireless networks from unauthorized access, but WEP, it was providing the basic encryption for wireless networks when it comes to WPA and WPA2, you know, three, they, they actually, you know, main aim was to improve the security of wireless connection, you're introducing a stronger encryption, okay? So this is what your wireless encryption method. So let's focus on now with the slide. One moment here. So here as we saw the types of wireless encryption, we got to know what is WEP, WPA, and TKIP, it was a replacement, yeah? So here you just can see very important WPA2 and actually as I told you, this is the encryption protocol in this WPA2. For both encryption as a result on TK, we are using CCMP and AES is one of the best symmetric key encryption. Yes, it's a replacement for TKIP also, okay? So this combination AES as well as the CCMP is one of the best combination here. So third generation, yes, we also had again a very good 256 for both modes encryption. So this is the new generation, voting in 2028. So as you can see, the comparison here we have like how they are trying to improve our security here, okay? So we just can see here, they are protecting us from these attacks and completely WPHC, which even its products are from both Dixie data and Rufo Saraks over here. So some of the common Wi-Fi sites can be seen here. Yes, there can be a dosata. So we'll have to always monitor the low balance there can be a piggybacking, there can be a tailgating, they can steal our wireless devices now to bypass password. So there should not be a misconfiguration. So always we need to focus on complete configurations and also they should not be a fake access points. You know, people are fooling devices with the false access points here, fooling us. So this is the end of wireless encryption, wireless threats and wireless concepts here. Thank you so much.