 Hi everyone, so let us study about social engineering here, intro part. So social engineering is nothing but the art of manipulating or influencing we can say, art of manipulating or influencing. So here attackers they try to manipulate individuals or victims in order to steal their specific credentials, okay. So main thing is it's the art of manipulation or influencing or you know sometimes they try to fool the respective individual in order to gain control over their computer or their system, come to the system. So here he might use the phone, email or you know he can direct contact in order to gain illegal access. So we have so many attacks like fishing, spare fishing, so so many attacks are there. So all social engineering techniques, okay. It may be a human based computer based or it may be a you know mobile based, three techniques are there under the social engineering. So it has been carried out with the help of mobile applications, so if it comes to mobile based, when it comes to human based where we can see a impersonation, okay. One of the best common human based engineering part, okay. Technic. So here in social engineering it's here he tries to convince, manipulate, influence a people or a victim in order to reveal, okay. A confidential information. So most common targets of these attacks, it includes technical support, executive, the experts now you know. So those people, the system administrator also. So the social engineers, they depend on the fact that people are unaware of their valuable information here. So sometimes it will be careless about protecting our passwords. So that carelessness, it will be a very risky thing, yeah. So yeah, so the main thing is we have so many social engineering techniques, shoulder surfing, eavesdropping. So human based social engineering we have eavesdropping. So here you'll be learning so many techniques, you'll be learning about eavesdropping, tail gaiting, shoulder surfing, okay. So eavesdropping, here he'll be like it's nothing but a human. But unauthorized listening of conversation, okay. So it can be done using communication channels guys. So shoulder surfing, here he tries, it's one of the techniques where you know looking over someone's shoulder in order to get information such as passwords, spins or account numbers. So even this is called as shoulder surfing here. So piggy bagging, reverse social engineering, tail gaiting, okay. So dumps to drive in so many techniques are there for that, okay. So he'll be using these techniques in order to manipulate a victim and he finally tries to you know reveal. He finally tries to retrieve all the confidential information from the victim here. So here this is the social engineering part. So we also have a sniffing. Let me consider example here. We have a user one, user to here, okay. So let's say they both are communicating through internet here, okay. So if they both are communicating through internet, I can see a complete existing TCP session, TCP existing session between these two. If they both are communicating, yeah, definitely there will be a packet transmission and there will be a data transmission. So attacker, okay. He tries to intercept, interfere between them, he tries to intercept, okay. And tries to capture this package. This capturing process we called as sniffing. Even for sniffing, we even call it as man in the middle attack. So so what we say the respective our information has to be encrypted because packet whatever our information it has been encapsulated with the packet. So further he captures the packet and he can decode and decrypt our messages or sensitive information. So attacker by intercepting, interfering between these user one and user two, he always intersect this communication, he tries to capture the packets. This capturing process is called sniffing and further we will try to learn what is passive sniffing, how it happens through hub, what is the active sniffing, how it happens through switch, what is the hub, what is the switch, why hub is a brainless device, why switch is an intelligent device, everything it covers under sniffing. And even so many methodologists will be learning under this sniffing and one of the best software we have as a sniffing tool, we have as a wire shop, we will be learning in this, you know, about this also here. So further let us see about denial of service door attack, yeah. So as you can see the door concept here. So yes. So our Microsoft it falls to the door attack and the year 2003, the history here. So especially what is door attack, it is nothing but you know he tries to overload. Okay. With the malicious packets in the large volume of packets he tries to overload and attack here. So I will just show you the real time example again by considering. So let us say we have a attacker here. When it comes to door attack, I will try to show you. Let us say this is we have an attacker here. We have a target server here. So here we have an attacker, we have a target server. So here in this door attack he tries to send malicious traffic in a very large volume. That means when it comes to door attack we need to remember about Friday. He tries to flood. Okay. Almost a large number of packets, malicious packets or it is flooding a malicious traffic towards the target server. Here being more do is to freeze this server, to crash the server and to destabilize the server. Okay. So after doing conducting this attack the server it will be not okay. That will be not offering any services because server is slowed down finally. Yeah. It has squeezed. So the services will be unavailable for the legitimate user further. Okay. So what? There is a deny in the service hence this is called door attack. If he is using with one or two PCs conducting this door attack here it is where but he tries to use botnets, the group of zombie machines in order to conduct D door attack which is distributed door attack. So we have so many D door techniques, D door attacks, ping types and we also have protecting tools, security tools. Let's see that. So as you explain me, as I explain you here in the door attack same way the goal is to attempt a Friday night work. Okay. So preventing legitimate network traffic even completely his main motor is to crash the server and freeze it. Yeah. So impact we can see a disabled network or all organization network will be disabled. There will be a financial loss here. So we have the attacking tools he tries to use Hp3 in order to conduct this and we also have LYC XYC so many attacking tools. Okay. We also have a protection, protect security tools, protection tools and the D door's guardian. So if organization in an organization being an ethical hacker under your organization if hacker is trying to attack you we have a security tool here. Okay. If it's time to conduct the doors attacks please use this protection tools. Okay. This is just a intro part further in the module you will try to analyze further you know in detail types of door sedhacks by hub you know. So what is the necessary how to mitigate this? So by installing web application fireballs what is this? What are the web application fireballs? How to mitigate door attack? How by using load balancing detectors we can mitigate this everything in detail you will try to learn it. Okay. So this is the end of those concepts. Thank you.