 Let's take this should be the attacker what he'll do. He'll send through we tried fishing no. In fishing what we did we used to send some malicious link through email or something like like that. So what here we can do with the similar thing we can send some malware files or codes through email to our target person. As soon as those people click on these email links a malware will be installing their system and all the access and control of that system will be sent to this attacker. Suppose let's take example of this one. Suppose he has compromised. There's one more term. Suppose he has compromised one of the system in the network and he can be able to compromise the other system that is present in the same network. That process we call us pivoting. And remember this one. Then let's move back. So these compromised systems we can call us command and control servers. So with the help of these servers what the attacker can do he can control some of more peace compromised pieces. So all these pieces what we call we call them with the particular name such as zombies. These compromised systems we call them as zombies or botnets. Water bots it's a software or software application which performs automated tasks. No human interaction is needed. This software application will perform whatever the instruction has been given. It will perform that automated task. So these will be called as botnets because we can able to control all these systems through these control servers. So what they go. So what is the command? So with the help of these servers what we can do we can execute a command or instruction in these zombies or compromised pieces and flood a particular web server or any host machine a particular target with so many data packets. Plug this with so many data packets what happens this particular website or web server will trash. So this is how a DOS attack will be conducted. See remember one more thing if you use hundreds of PCs to conduct DOS for a hundred of PCs are used we call this as denial of service attack. And instead of a hundred PCs what if we use 10,000 of PCs botnets zombies that we can call as distributed denial of service attack. So this will be more effective in order to you know if you want to crash some of the big websites of you know to suppose there is a rival company who are giving competition you in order to disrupt their business and make them financial loss. You can conduct DOS attack against that particular company bring that network down by flooding with data packets I have explained you and there is a denial distributed denial of service in which we will be temporarily interrupting or suspending the services we basically were crashing the particular website either it will be slowed down or other people can't able to access that website only it will freeze or crash or anything will happen numerous compromised device yeah as I explained you and distributed denial of service will use all these so many botnets will use in order to launch the attack. So these are two types of attack DOS attack and distributed DOS attack I hope it's clear. Then let's move over classification there are three types of classification volumetric attack in DOS attack there are three types volumetric protocol attack and application layer attack. Application layer attack it pretty much straightforward simple I have explained you here in client server model see this is only like if you want to send so many HTTP request to that particular see here HTTP get host means when you go to some website suppose like facebook.com and log into your page and you access all your or or Instagram.com or anything you get all the image of your open your personal account and you get to see all your photos so how come you get to see all these things data will send HTTP get request so that it can flood with or it will response with this particular images files and all these other data so here you can flood that particular web server with so many HTTP get request so this is pretty much straightforward slow lorry's attack is nothing but it will be low and slow something called as like you will be sending so many packets lesser number of packets and it will be slowly you can't you're here we are not flooding the target but the trick is what he here we are doing we are establishing so so many connection here so many open connections even though it is slow and the packets are less in number but since there are so many open connections what happens it will deny the any legitimate user any other legitimate user can't able to use the service so this is we can call as slow lorry's so apart from that we'll go through each of these in detail it happens in zero data now these are nothing but unidentified or unpatched unpatched and unidentified vulnerability you can call unidentified vulnerability so if you if there is some vulnerability in your system or PC or in most machine or any of your network and you have left it without patching it what happens or some hacker will or attacker will utilize that vulnerability exploit exploit that and he can conduct an attack so after the attack you may realize okay I should we should have patched this that particular vulnerability otherwise this attack would end up happened so that particular attack so there is already present there is some vulnerability that is present you know system that you have left it like that only without patching it properly or without identifying it probably so that attack we can call us zero day attack so basically you don't have any day any time left to stop that so that's the concept of zero day I hope you got the idea how zero data is conducted