 Hello everyone. So in this video, let's talk about anti-malware software and its advantages. So anti-malware software judges play a vital or a crucial role in cyber security. So what they do is they provide protection against various types of malicious software threats. So some of the major or key anti-malware software in used in cyber security are malware bytes. So malware bytes are known for strong malware detection and removal capabilities. So malware bytes, it offers real-time protection. offers real-time protection and it can also remove vulnerabilities. So it offers malware scanning, ransomware protection and web protection features. So basically, malware bytes is widely used by individuals and business people to protect against virus, ransomware, spyware or any drug, charred, and other malware threats. Then your second one bit defender anti-virus plan. So bit defender, just like your malware bytes, it provides comprehensive anti-virus and anti-malware protection. So it also protects us from fishing protection, offers fishing protection, along with real-time protection, ransomware protection and it is also as firewall. It also has anti-fraud protection. So bit defender is popularly used among features or it is we majorly use among users looking for strong malware protection, especially against emerging threats like ransomware and fishing attacks. Then coming to the third one, not in anti-virus lists. So not in, offers a robust anti-virus, just like any other things. It also includes real-time protection. So it has something called as smart firewall. So it has something called as smart firewall, a password manager. It also has secure VPN, virtual privacy networks and online threat intelligence. So not in, it is used by individuals to defend against threat virus, malware's piware, ransomware and other threats. And we all know the other popular ones are caspore's key anti-virus, a vast, map free, and many things. So these anti-malware software solutions are essential for protecting us from cyber threats, helping users and organizations protecting their systems from data, network and much more. So it is important to regularly update and maintain this anti-malware software to ensure it can detect the latest threats. So that's about anti-malware software. Thank you.