 So, you were discussing about steps under vulnerability assessment. The step one for the vulnerability assessment which we go is creating a baseline. What is the step one? Creating a baseline. Now, what we understand by creating a baseline? So, creating baseline basically means that which tool you want to use to perform the vulnerability assessment. Okay, first up is you creating a baseline. So, planning for the tools. Okay. So, here what the vulnerability scan of tools we will use. So, you have a good idea about this. So, vulnerability scan of tools. So, what are the tools we can use? So, first of all we can use necessary which you currently using. And still it is a non-going process. It didn't complete yet. It is kind of around 19 percent. We have NICTO to perform server-side client checking and of our vulnerabilities. And we have NMAP, NMAP scripts and all. Using NMAP scripts, we have Legion. So, you can explore on top of it what is Legion and what is OpenBars. So, the multiple tools are available not only this, but all tools are there, a lot of tools are there basically. So, majorly people use this. So, that's reason we are I am showing you all those things. Coming to your step 2. So, once you have decided which tool to use, now it's time for the step 2 which is your vulnerability assessment. And vulnerability assessment what we do. So basically what we perform in vulnerability assessment is that we scan the whole network. Whole network scanning and inspection of vulnerabilities. I inspection inspection of vulnerabilities. Not only network, whole network scanning and whole network as well as we can perform service scanning that means an inspection of services inspection, whole network scanning from our services and yeah. And we will just find the vulnerabilities inside that. So what else we do. We perform also physical security scanning. That means did it has a firewall or not. Physical security. Security policies. Then what we perform we perform identifying flaws. What are the flaws in a particular system. And after identifying we remove the flaws and prevention of the flaws and prevention of it. Then what we can do in your vulnerability assessment then we generate a report. I always told that whenever we perform information gathering or scanning we always generate a report. Generate report for all of them. These are the steps which we perform in the vulnerability assessment. Now moving to the step three, okay, note it down. So let me just see this first. Then I think we can make this line more better. Whole network scanning service scanning, service scanning and inspection of vulnerabilities and inspection of vulnerabilities. Step three what we basically do is that we perform our risk assessment. So in risk assessment what we do is basically identify about the vulnerabilities, what are the impact of the vulnerabilities. It is the same thing like you are performing in this machine necessary. That means these are the risk assessment. So how much critical are there, how much high are there, how much medium are there and how much load type of vulnerabilities are there. This is nothing but your risk assessment. Same thing we are performing here in the step three. So here identifying about the scope of vulnerability and the impact of the network. So here what we do basically is that we perform, we basically check the low level impact or high level or medium level whatever it is. Medium level high level, critical level not seen in critical level see. So these are the steps under vulnerability assessment. So then we have remediation that means what we can do in order to prevent this. That's remediation. So here this is basically a very important step for ethical actors why. So here basically we have detected the vulnerabilities in the all the previous steps. So what we will do in these steps we are going to prevent them. Prevent the vulnerabilities. That means we make our system more safer. Prevent the vulnerabilities. We can prevent high priority vulnerabilities because they impact a lot. Prevent the vulnerabilities especially critical level vulnerabilities because they cause a high impact because a high impact. That's what your step for remediation. So basically prevention of your vulnerabilities. Now in the step 5 we do a verification. So here we verify again the vulnerabilities basically we perform the scanning once again and we check for the vulnerabilities. We verify again. We verify again and ensure that all the vulnerabilities at all the vulnerabilities are removed in the network or in the network are removed in the network removed from the network. Let's just step 5 which is a verification and the last one which is a step 6 once everything is done then we use the concept of monitoring the particular network. So with the help of monitoring we can keep a eye on top of it what is happening what is not happening. So here we will be monitoring the network continuously we will be monitoring the network traffic system behind the system behavior P e h a b i O U R with system behavior we will be monitoring the network traffic system behavior for any intrusions. So what we basically use in here we basically use the concept of firewalls. We use the concept of ideas your intrusions detection system we use IPS that's an intrusions protection system. So all these things we use it in the backend. It's an intrusions detection system this is an intrusions protection system. And basically in your basically security professional what they use they use Splunk in order to do so. So it consists of all the ideas IPS firewall and everything which you can. And just like a monitoring tool which we have for a particular network or a particular system. So that's all the six steps which we use to perform.