 Hello everyone. So in this video, let's talk about fileless malware concept. So your fileless malware, it prefers to a type of malicious software. So this fileless malware, what it does is it will operate on RAM. It will operate in your RAM memory. So this the admin advantage of this fileless malware concept is they don't live any traces. So they operate without leaving any traces of the executable files on the computer desk. See what was happening in your traditional malware? So your traditional malware, they just relied on executable files. So this executable files they were storing on the disk. But your fileless malware, they leverage your system tools like your command prompt. And they'll just carry out the process or they just carry out the malicious activities on this system tools. So when you're talking about executable or when you're talking about fileless malware, they execute in the memory. So the execution is happening in the memory. So as I said before, your fileless malware executes directly on the computer's RAM without writing any files on the disk. So the advantage of this is it will avoid traditional anti-virus and your anti-mileware detection methods. So typically focusing on scanning files. And how they operate? So your fileless malware, they operate on system tools. So they'll basically exploit system tools. So fileless malware, the often exploits your system tools that are already present in the target system. So for example, it may abuse power shell. So it may abuse this power shell scripts, your windows management instrumentation or a basic command prompt. So they use this system tools to carry out malicious actions. So there are certain techniques used by your fileless malware. So some of the techniques are used by your fileless malware is first one, they're script-based attacks. So your fileless malware, they use scripting language like your power shell or your, if they can also use vb script, they execute commands and download malicious appay loads directly into the memory. So the other technique used by this is memory injection. Hence, so your malware will directly inject malicious code into legitimate process running in the memory. So it makes it harder to blend in with the system. So some of the major advantages of this fileless malware for attackers has many things. So we have many advantages of this fileless malware over traditional methods. So what are the advantages for the attackers? First one, stealth operation. So we all know that since fileless malware operates in memory and it uses system tools like your command prompt, it can be more difficult to detect and it can be more difficult to detect using your traditional anti-virus software. And they're persistent. So fileless malware can achieve persistence or they're very persistence by achieving by using system mechanisms. So what they do, they'll just schedule the task, they'll use modifications in the data or they can also use services without traditional traces on the disk. And the third major advantage is your evasion. So they can basically avoid. So by avoiding file-based detection methods, your fileless malware can evade or they can avoid security measures that focus on scanning. So it'll be very difficult for detection prevention. So detection and mitigation of fileless malware requires advanced security solutions. They can monitor system memory and which should also be capable of analyzing behavior patterns in the system. So in summary, we can say that fileless malware, they just represent a sophisticated and stealth approach to cyber attacks. So they operate in your memory or RAM by using system components, which just makes it challenging or it'll mix it challenging for threat detection using security, your traditional security methods. So that was about your fileless malware. Thank you.