 Let's take any of the example of any network infrastructure. See, suppose these are the host machines that are present in any private network or internal network. That could be a server as well. So this is another host. So this is our internal network. So what we can place here, we can place any firewall. Then here it will be connected to the internet. So this will be our internal network. And this is of course, will be the firewall. And you can put on more firewall here, internal firewall. So this is our firewall and this is of course, internal network. See, well, you can put this honeypot here outside the firewall. You can place this here. So what this honeypot is. This honeypot is nothing but all these delivered fake device. Or you can use any kind of device. Suppose this could be a host machine. This could be a server. Any network device. Not only that, it could be also any virtual host machine as well or virtual server. So this honeypot could be any of these things. So why are we placing this here? So. Suppose if any attacker wants to. Access or trying to get inside the network to access our internal network. If we place this device here, what it will, what will happen? This attacker will get access to all these or any of these device. Once he get. Once he come across this honeypot, he'll think that he has gained. Access to some some real machine. Or real network has gained access is successfully. Completed his mission and he somehow got access to this network. So not only this device, what will do in order to make full of this attacker what we can do. We can also put some fake information inside this. So to full this attacker what we can do in this fake device, we can put some fake information as well. So whenever this attacker get access to this device or this server and then he. Keep on checking all these information that are present in this honeypot what he will think. Think he'll think that he has gained access to the real network and he'll start stating all these fake information. So until that what we can do we can be prepared that real attack has been happening. So see so we can able to be alert and secure our system. And also why we we can able to put one more honeypot here in our internal network. Or say for safety. Even if somehow get across this firewall also and get access to this honeypot this will act as a diversion tactic. It will be a divert basically we are diverting. We are diverting this particular attacker from accessing this all these our real host machines and the real information that is present in our systems. So this is the role of honey pots. So what are these honey pots these honey pots are nothing but these fake devices. Which will of course attract unknown traffic what are these fake devices these fake devices are this particular virtual server or it could be a network device network port web server or it could be any any host machine or anything. Why we are set up set up in up this particular honeypot because to trap these people or attackers who are trying to penetrate inside our network organizations network or internal private network. Monitor attackers we can able to monitor attackers key strokes that is doing in honey pot and we can able to figure out what kind of attack is doing what kind of weather he can able to get inside or network or not. Basically this honey pot will will be used as early warning sign that we can be preparing alert about the real attack that is going to happen. So I hope we got the idea of concept behind what exactly honey pot is and how what are these fake device devices that we can use it for honey pots and how we can able to use this honey pot. We have now let's move back to types of different types of honey pots. See we have something called high interaction honey pots and also research honey pots this will be simulate all the services that basically it if you take the example of blue stacks what blue stacks does it will simulate exactly the interface of Android. Similarly this I interaction honey pot what it will do it will simulate all the services for all the features functionalities of a particular server or any host machine. And it can able to capture complete information about that attack vector that attacker is using what kind of technique or what kind of tool that attacker is using it can capture all those things. So this comes under high interaction honey pot there is something called low interaction honey pot as well but compared to high interaction that will be less vulnerable. We can't we haven't given that much easy access there in low interaction here we are giving all the access to that particular attacker so that we can able to understand his methods or techniques what kind of attack is going to do to the tower network. When we come to research honey pots it will be strictly used in all these government and military organization you can't able to see this kind of honey pots in any of corporate or business organizations it will be used for research purpose so they can able to understand all these attack. Different kinds of patterns or behavior signatures whatever is there they can able to research and about all those things about all those vulnerabilities for that purpose they use strictly they use research honey pots and I hope you clear out the difference between high interaction research and low interaction honey pot. Then we have advantages of honey pot see as I told you before how we can use this honey pot. It will be used as a diversion for the from our real production network whatever see in this picture you can see these are some of the host machines some of the servers are there so this is the firewall and this is our big device that is honey honey pot that is highly vulnerable and easily accessible to this attacker that is placed outside the external firewall. So why we are placing it here so it can be easily accessed by this attacker and he think that he has gain access to all these internal networks that are present inside the firewall. So this is the diversion tactics I was talking about it helps us to find identify zero day attack what is zero day attack see zero day attack is nothing but that kind of attack basically these unidentified or unpatched vulnerabilities that are there in our system that will be utilized by these attacker and before we identify that vulnerability or before we patch that particular vulnerability or loophole these attacker will use that vulnerability to attack and or get access into our network that kind of attack we call a zero day attack because we don't have any day or see there is zero day in order to prevent that attack or to not have any data. So that is the concept behind zero day attack we can able to identify that kind of attack we cover we're using this honey pot. Of course it will help us to improve our organization security and identify loopholes and all so these are some of the advantages that we can get from we were using honey pot.