 So now we will study about faces of ethical hacking. So we have 5 faces here. This is the first face, foot printing and organises. Second, we have our scanning networks, third, gaining access, fourth, maintaining 6th, last faces clearing the tracks. So let us move deeply on this. Yeah. So our first face is recurrences space or foot printing. So here let me clear you between this foot printing and recurrences. If it comes the word foot printing or recurrences, it refers to gathering information. So recurrences is nothing but a collection of large process of collection of information here. The subset of this recurrences is foot printing. So recurrences is nothing but it is like a prepaid 3 fees. So here if there is an attacker and if there is a target, let us say we have an attacker here and before launching an attack to this target, he always try to do foot printing and recurrences. That means first step of any attack is our foot printing. He always tries to gather information about this target and about this target environment here. Okay. And then so overall recurrences it refers to a prepaid 3 fees where an attacker he tries to gather information as much as possible about the target here. So this is the face. Actually this is the first way where attackers, you know, they plan to attack. Actually they start their plan here. And further in recurrences we have two types. So active and passive. So we have two types of recurrences here. Here passive recurrences without directing without directly interacting with the target. He tries to collect the information that is without directly or direct interaction I would say. But here in active with direct interaction or directly he will try to interact with the target. So here with directly or so with direct interaction with the target he tries to collect the information here. So that is your active. So there are active recurrences also. There are passive recurrences also here. So yes. So example they may sometimes you know attackers if they want to conduct active recurrences. So you know they can example I can tell you they may make telephone calls to the help thus directly or a technical department. In that way and they can use so many active recompels. Okay. And then let us jump into our second phase. So as I told you we have a attacker here and we have a target here. It may be any organization. Okay. So before launching an attack he always focuses on the footprinting and recurrences and the second phase is a scanning networks. So here it is a pre-attack phase. Here attacker overall scans the whole network for specific information. So based on information gathered during recurrences and here he focuses on three things. He checks for ports. What is nothing but a virtual point when it was connection starts and ends here and he tries to check for ports whether they are closed, open, filtered or unfiltered that way. And he also checks for host whether it is alive or dead. He also checks for services. What all the services running in the network he checks for this. So scanning as I told you it includes the use of dialysis, port scanners, network mappers, ping tools and vulnerability scanners. So overall attacker tries to extract information such as live machines, port status, always details, device type system update, uptime, launch an attack. So after the scanning phase he tries to jump into gaining access. The third phase is before I go with the third phase we also have the subset of the scanning that is admiration. So foot printing and scanning they both are conducted in internet zoom. But admiration is conducted in internet zoom. Here in admiration he tries to set a point. He tries to identify a point or set a point in order to conduct password cracking attack system attacks. Overall in the admiration phase attacker tries to, he will be inside the network and he will try to perform direct queries. He will try to create active connection towards the target here. So he always tries to set a point or identify a point to perform. password cracking as our system attacks. So overall in the gaining access now the third phase here attacker obtain finally he has obtained the access here. He has obtained the access to OS or all the system and it may be system or applications on the target computer on the network. So here attacker can gain access at the OS application or network levels. So almost here these examples here include password cracking, buffer overflows, doors, session hijacking, anything he can conduct under gaining access. So finally we will jump with the maintaining access here. The fourth phase. So under this maintaining access it is a phase where attacker tries to retain their ownership of the system. That means he can upload download or manipulate data application. He can play with the configuration of the old system. So overall he tries to you know create a back doors with the help of root keyed sand and closures and he totally takes his actions here under the maintaining phase. So here after that he tries to jump into clearing the tracks. The last phase. Clearing the logs or clearing the tracks. So in this phase or on you know attacker tries to hide his malicious activities here. So overall he tries to overwrite the server system or application logs. He tries to override this logs you know to avoid suspicion. You know to avoid his suspicious activities which he had done. So totally he tried to create you know he is covering his tracks you know to hide his identity. So he may use the Ganography technique here. The one of the best technique okay. The Stiganography it is a process of hiding data. For instance it may be an image or maybe in sound files. So attacker they can even use a small amount of extra space here okay. In the data packets or you know that is TCP IP headers to hide their information. So yes to overall they cover their tracks here under this phase you know to hide their identity. So we are clear with the phases of ethical hacking here. So let us move here with the next concept. Yes so we had already discussed why ethical hackers. So as I told you we are going to prevent hackers from gaining access. We are the one who strengthen the organization. The main motto is to safeguard the data and to enhance security awareness here. Yes all of the important topic classification of attacks. So let us discuss on this here. Classification of attacks. So here mainly we have two types of attack, active attack and a passive attack. Let me consider or two users here, user A, user B. So if they vote our communicating through internet obviously there will be a existing TCP session, there will be packet transmission and there will be a data transmission. If an attacker okay let us say he is a user B, he is a real user B and he is a C attacker. So if an attacker is sitting somewhere at remote location and he is just observing the message. He is just observing the message, he will come to know where the message is getting initiated. Who is the sender, who is the receiver and sitting somewhere remotely without modifying, without touching the content of the message. He is just trying to observe the message. So this type of attack we call it a passive attack and when I tell you about the active attack he will try to inactive attack case after observing the traffic analysis. He will try to come, he will try to know, he will be knowing who is the sender, who is the receiver, he knows there is a packet transmission and here inactive attack he always try to modify the content of the messages. So there you know this is known as active attack and even the sender or receiver they will come to know about this attack here. So we have two types of attacks, see as we can see here also. As I told you in passive attack he just tries to observe the content of message. So here victims will not be informed about the attack and due to passive attack there is no harm to the system also but in active attack he completely modify the content of messages. Hence in active attack victims will be informed about the attack and it is very dangerous to integrity as well as the availability. So this is the end of the article hacking concept here. Thank you.