 Hi everyone, so let's study about network scanning concepts today. Yes, so when I consider an attacker here, let me consider a target here, a target server or any organization you can consider here, okay. So we know that the first step of any attack, it's foot printing. So in foot printing and recurrences he used to gather, so you know information as much as possible. So using technic tricks and otherologies and the next phase is the first phases foot printing and recurrences, same way the second phase of hacking as well as ethical hacking is our scanning phase. So in this scanning phase he tries to you know check for 4 things. Mainly he check for live machines. That means he'll check whether host is alive or dead and he'll check for both whether they are open, whether they are closed or filtered and filtered. So overall check for ports, here port is nothing but we know a virtual port where network connection starts and ends over here, right. So this port is associated with the specific process here because you know if you are towards send an email we need a protocol at port number SMPP and port number 25. If you want to receive an email we need IMA, POP 3 and even this port number 110, 143 this place are prominent. So same way here network scanning. So overall in this network scanning he will be first looking into live machines, ports and he'll try to identify the well noticed flaws. So overall in that you know under the target and he'll be focusing on services running in the network. Overall the services running in the network he tries to scan here. So overall network scanning it completely refers a set of procedures for identifying host here, here and ports. He also check for flaws and overall he tries to check overall the services running in the network. So it is one of the component of intelligence gathering where an attacker used to create a profile of the target organization. So let me just help you with the objectives. As we can see the overview here and the very important objectives of network scanning. So he tries to discover the live host, IP addresses, open ports of the live host. He even tries to discover OS and system architecture and as I told you he tries to focus on services running on the network and the well noticed here. So we have three types of scanning where he can focus if he is focusing with the ports and services. It is now as open ports. You know ports can. So even he can just overall with his scanning the overall network for all internal RFPs he will try to check that is network scanning and he is focusing just on weakness flaws, loop ports. It is a well now please scanning. So here well now please scanning is the one which identifies well now please and weakness of a system. Okay. So yes. And we also have a very blessed well now please scanning tool Nase here. So scanning tools he is going to use. And we have we have netcraft one of the best information gathering tool. So we also have NMAP here network MAPer. So here also network MAPer is the best scouting tool where you can check for live host services or as versions everything. So all the services running in the network we can cross check even a network consists of web application firewall or not that can also be you know invented or that can also be discovered through NMAP tool. So this is all the scanning commands where we can use under NMAP. So yes Hp3 also one of the best tool you know it runs both in windows and under inux where the security cyber security professionals if they want to perform some security assessments if they want to test a firewall network they go with this tool. So as I told you we have a well now scanning tool Nase is one of the best tool which shows us the look holes it may be under application or under system or you know it may be under network anywhere it may be. So these are the well now these can is here and we also go through about proxy switcher under this module you know where completely how attacker heights is Hp and how they are military you know changes is served but everything we can check is output of angry API so green host is alive red host is dead and new host alive but not responding to this respective application. Just need to give the IP ranges above you guys can see here and we will be checking for live machines here in this tool yes this is also one of the best tool NET scan tool pro where we can check for SNMP and SMP and so many prompts. Yes so this is the end of scanning tools here.