 Hi everyone, so today let us study about ntp animation here. ntp is nothing but a network time protocol as we can see here. So ntp is a protocol which allows the devices on a network to synchronize, you know, their clocks with each other here. Okay, so ntp enumeration that means quiring a device to identify what ntp resources are available. Okay, so the here main thing is we need to understand what is ntp first things. Okay, design for synchronized clocks here and it usually uses the port 123. Yes, and also as we can see it maintained time within, you know, 10 milliseconds here or the public network. Yes, so here ntp utilizes the port number 123. Okay, and the ntp enumeration that means attacker tries to gather information such as list of host, which are connected to the ntp server, their IP addresses, their system names, OS running on the client system in a network. So each and everything almost all the information can be enumerated by quiring ntp server here. Okay, so main thing is there can be a question why ntp is used. It is widely deployed in the internet in order to synchronize computer clocks to each other and to international standards we are telephone, modern, radio, satellite, everything. Okay, so what he tries to use enumeration, okay, technique under ntp, you know, to fetch the list of host connected to them, you know, clients, IP addresses, their OS, almost all the, you know, ntp related information each and every valuable data he tries to enumerate using this. So now let's focus on NFS here, okay, network file system. So here also he tries to conduct, you know, enumeration. First thing is let us understand what is this NFS, you know, network file system. So it's a distributed file system protocol. It is the one which allows the client to access files over a network as if those files were on clients' local file system. Okay, so here it is NFS, it's often used in environments like, you know, for file sharing and data processes here, data accesses. Okay, so the main thing is here, so main thing is why NFS is used. There can be a question, right? So it's a mechanism, okay, for storing files on a network. It is a distributed file system which allows user to access files and directories, located on remote computers, you know, treat those files and active territories if they were blocked. So finally, we can even check, you know, so mountable NFS shares, they are high-risk well-nobt, you know, most frequently found on networks and around the world. Okay, so here he conducts enumeration under this NFS also. That means penetration testers or you can see attackers usually scan the target. First and check if there is an NFS service running on it. The main goal is to identify the NFS shares attacker so that they can anonymously mount into the respective systems. So they do enumeration under NFS part also here, okay. So yes, so this is the NFS, so NFS information here and ntp information, okay. As you can see, this is designed to support unique file system here. This is also very important thing to note it down, okay. So yes, there can be a question. NFS V3, version 3 was published in 1995 and still the version, you know, using today. So especially if they ask you, please remember you can store a huge number of files easy to configure and it's super fast also, okay. So this ends here, NFS enumeration, thank you.