 Let's learn about who is foot printing, one of the foot printing methodology. So here who is databases, they are maintained by original internet registries. They contain the personal information of domain owners as you can see here information obtained from who is database, you know the contact details to a mind name server, net range, you know records last updated, expiry records, net range when the respective domain has been created each and every records. Okay, so attackers to gather all the respective personal information here and further will be assisted to perform social engineering here. Okay, so overall who is foot printing, it focuses on a always look up here, attacker tries to you know focus on technical point of contacts. Okay, he tries to extract information and technical, he basically focus, he stress on technical point of contact here. He is also one of the best information gathering tool we have as smart to us, always look up so many tools we can have. Okay, so attackers especially they look for physical location, telephone number, email address and administrative contacts. Okay, so we have a next methodology called DNS foot printing. So here attacker tries to gather DNS information in order to determine key hosts in the network okay, to perform further social engineering attacks. So here we can see our DNS record types, DNS records are the one who provides important information about location as well as about a type of service. So we have so many DNS records here okay, he is the one which points to us. So host IP we have MX which completely deals with domains, mail server, name server, NS, canonical name, it is the one which completely we can see the mapping of the respective IP as well as a MAC okay. So SDA we also have a SDA or you know S way here okay, sorry it's S way which indicates the authority for a domain. So you can see a plenty of DNS record types, SRV, a service records you know PTR, HR info. So these are all the records of DNS okay, these DNS records just to provide a very valuable information about location as well as type of service here. So now of the best foot printing methodology we have as foot printing through emails. So here email foot printing I would like to tell you I would like to elaborate this Zinger Note one moment. Let me just help you the next methodology which we have as email foot printing. So here he tries to collect all the latest information through emails okay. So first thing is email foot printing we have tracking email communications, attacker focuses on tracking email communications here okay. So email tracking it is used to monitor you know the delivery of emails yeah and sometimes even attacker tracking means to gather information about target recipient you know to perform further social engineering and any other attacks yeah. So overall he tries to get a recipient type. So he also focuses on their geolocation, geolocation of the recipient sometimes you know he will try to fetch the information about an email whether it is received or read or not okay. So whether or not the recipient visited any links sent to them. So all even attacker tries to fetch recipients browser information and OS information and also time spent on reading the emails so each and everything. We have a tool's email foot printing tools, best email foot printing tool we have is read notify. Polite mail, we also have email tracker group. So we can even collect information from email header here okay using some fiber forensic tool, cyber forensic tool also. We also have another tool email lookup freemail tracker okay. So this is what the email foot printing so specially he tries to focus you know he tries to conduct foot printing through email here that is nothing but email foot printing here okay. Let's go with the next foot printing methodology here. So now the last methodology is our foot printing through social engineering. So we know that right as I told you earlier social engineering is nothing but manipulating someone, fooling someone. First he will try to choose his target, he will try to develop a relationship and then he tries to manipulate or fool them and they try to steal the sensitive information from them okay. So as we can see the PPPT social engineers life, social engineers they depend on the facts that people are under way of their valuable information and their careless about protecting it. So yeah he tries to fetch credit card details, OS software versions, their IP addresses, name of servers, username passwords okay. So many things by just manipulating our individual here okay. So let's quickly go with the social engineering techniques, eavesdropping. Eavesdropping is the unhorthodox listening of conversations already of messages I can see. It's completely an interception of any form of communication it may be, it may be audio, video or written okay. So in real time example as you can see right. So they will be working in the laptop but you know always they used to hear what the first fellow and second, third fellows they always try to hear the first user and the second user conversation right without their knowledge. Say eavesdropping. Shoulder surfing is also a technique where a hacker secretly observes the target okay. In order to gain critical information. He also he tries to fetch information such as passwords, personal identification number, account number etc. We also have a dumpster diving. It's dumpster diving is nothing but he'll be looking for treasuring someone's self-strashe. So he'll try to fetch financial information it may be a contact information or phone numbers okay. Whatever the related information he tries to fetch through trash bins or printer trash bins okay. And also sometimes from user desk for sticky notes etc. So the fourth technique is impersonation. So he mimics some institutions name he mimics some legitimate institution and he can even fetch so many type of information okay. Influency guidance it can't have that. So these completes here your for printing methodology this is the end of for printing methodology here. Thank you.