 Hello everyone today let's study about food printing withrologists. So we know food printing that's nothing but gathering information right. So the food printing is the first step of any attack right. So yes we'll be having so many methodologies here. Food printing to search engines, food printing to web services, social networking sites and how food printing can be conducted through social engineering. So many further methodologies are there. We'll go one by one here. Yes we have the first food printing through search engine. So let me help you here with this. The first food printing methodology is food printing through search engines. So here we know that the search engines, Google, Yahoo, we have so many right. They've got the go engine. Yeah. So attackers they used to use these search engines in order to extract information about the target. So it may be they may extract the employee details, they may extract logging pages. So they may extract sometimes the internet portals. So overall if they are trying to extract information with the help of search engines. So this is nothing but food printing through search engines here. So the major search engines, the examples are Google, Yahoo, Dr. Go. Even sometimes the event try to find companies, public and restricted websites through search engines. Overall if they are trying to collect information through search engines, if they are conducting food printing through search engines. It's nothing but a food printing through search engines methodology. So they even find companies, public and restricted websites. So here they search for target companies, external URL. Okay. And whatever though restricted URLs, yeah. They used to provide an insight into different departments and business units. So here they also try to determine mine OS. So we have a very good tool called net craft. This is the best information gathering tool or reconnaissance tool. Here we have two special features. We have a rescrating part in this and we also have a virus tool. This virus tool is one of the best tool again which analyzes the suspicious files. So here, yeah, we have a rescrating as well as the virus tool. So he even tries to determine the OS part here. Net craft tool, he tries to determine the OS with respect to target organization. He even uses showdown search engine. Where he tries to find a specific computers, routers, servers using variety of filters. So these comes here, your food printing methodology, the first one.