 Hi everyone, so let's finish the last two scanning techniques, just IPID headers can and Idols can view. Okay, so as you can see we have seen so many scanning techniques right where he tries to analyze the port states whether they are open or close but sure and there was no usage of zombie missions, zombie missions have nothing but you know compromised PCs. Okay, so but here in this can he he is going to use the you know he is going to take the help from zombie mission, zombie it's nothing but a computer which is connected to internet that has been compromised by a hacker. Okay, we are virus or we are wrong. Let me quickly show you here. So this is let's start with Idols can view. So the last scan we have is zombie with the help of zombie missions which he is trying to conduct idols can or IPID scan. Okay, so here IPID is nothing but a fragmentation number here. Okay, so every IP packet on the internet they have a fragment identification number, fragment identification number. So this fragment identification number is nothing but our IPID. Okay, so since many of us this simply increment this number for each packet they sent. Okay, searching for the IPID they can tell an attacker how many packets have been sent since the last search. Okay, so even this IPID it's nothing but an IP head of you I can say. Okay, which is designed to identify a packet in a communication session. Okay, so the main purpose of this IPID is to recover from IP fragmentation but here Idols can and IP scan. Okay, so attacker let's say here we have an attacker and let's say we have your a zombie mission. So he's not directly you know he is in the first step he's not directly contacting the target server. Attack her first try to send up row packets, a sync packets. Okay, then he tries to extract two things IP ID number. Okay, from the zombie and he'll try to extract spoofed IP which is zombie's IP. So he'll try to collect these two and then further attacker who's to send a packet. So he's going to send a packet with spoofed zombie IP. Okay, so if there is a response, port is open. If there is a response, port is open. If there is no response, port is closed. I just help you out with the slide here. One minute. Yes, so here we just can see in the first step. So this is the scan which always he takes the help of the zombie mission because he wants you know, here also same thing. He doesn't want to reveal himself. Okay, so what he hide himself here by just considering the compromised species zombie machines spoofed IP, he'll try to check whether port is open or not. So when he sends the sync packet to the respective zombie, he tries to fetch two things IP ID number and his zombie machines IP, he'll try to extract. In the second case, we can see here, okay, if target is responding. Yes, obviously he has taken attacker has considered zombie machines IP, right? Spoofed IP. Hence the target is to response to zombie itself. If it's response, port is open. If there is no response, just a reset packet, then port is closed here. And in both the cases, IP ID will be incremented. Okay. As we know. Right. So here in both the cases, it used to increment because we know that over systems, they simply increment this number for each packet they sent, right? So yes. And then in the third case, okay. So again, attacker used to probe zombie IP ID again. Okay. In the third step, what happens is if it is closed, attacker will, you know, will end the connection will end the process there and there itself because if port is closed, host is dead. Why further? He'll try to launch an attack, right? On the target. So if port is open, he'll again try to fetch a zombie machines IP, you know, he'll try to check the response with zombie like whether port is open or host is alive. Once he'll confirm, hence again, IP ID will be incremented. So I'll just help you here once again with my one note. Yes. So here, step one in the ID is can here, attacker. In step one, attacker is considering his own machines, okay, a zombie machine of compromised PC just by sending a sync packet, he'll try to extract IP ID number, fragment identification number and he'll try to fetch a spoof IP from zombie machine. Further, this IP will be used here and he'll try to, you know, attack to a target. He'll try to send a packet with a spoof IP of zombie to a target, okay. Target used to response to zombie machines itself here, okay, since IP has been used with a zombie. So the response, they reply for zombie. If there is a response, port is open. If there is no response, port is close. This response, he has to check again by contacting with a zombie. So in both the cases, port is open or port is close. IP ID will be incremented by one, okay. But further, the response, if port is open, he has to check with zombie, right, again, try fetching the, you know, spoof IP again for further attacks. Hence, if port is open, IP ID will be incremented by two. If port is close, IP ID will be incremented just by one, okay. So if there is no response to zombie, if there is just a reset packet, IP ID will be incremented just by one. If there is a quick response to a zombie from the target, again, attacker used to verify that by contacting zombie. Hence if port is open, IP ID will be incremented by two here. So these comes your idlescan, okay. So here attacker completely, he will try to hide himself by using the zombie, spoofed zombie IP, okay. Here also, the main motto is to check the port is open or close, okay. By analyzing the IP ID numbers, please try to remember, IP ID will be incremented by two in case of, you know, port open state. So if port is closed, there is no further process, IP ID will be incremented just by one here. So these completes our all the scans, yeah. So only one scan is left. So each and every scans the main motto was to check this latest off port, right. But we have a special scan called acknowledgments scan. So here we can clearly observe, okay. So here we can observe that if attacker is trying to send the acknowledgment packet, if there is no response, that means firewall is present. Further, if there is a reply from the target server with the reset packet, that confirms that there will be no firewall, okay. So over acknowledgment flags scan, it confirms the presence and absence of firewall here. So yeah, we further have two types of things, old scanning, well-known tea scanning. So network scanning, these are the three types of scanning which we have completed now. So now the next topic is scanning beyond ideas and firewall. So let me quickly help you here under this scanning. Ideas is intrusion detection system, okay. So let us just check what is firewall first and then further go with other things.