 Then let's move to some of these attacks. See, I'll explain you which of these attacks. There are different types of cryptography attacks are there. See, here let's start from Cypher text only attack. See, this Cypher text plane only attack is pretty much straight forward. Let me explain you. Here, we have Cypher text only attack, right? What happens here? Attacker has this Cypher text. What is Cypher text? That is this random one. Strings of letters. What he'll do? What is the goal of the attacker here to recover the encryption key? To recover the encryption key so that he can decrypt this Cypher text into plain text. So this is the Cypher text only. This is pretty much straight forward. He'll take some Cypher text and he'll try to decrypt this into plain text with the help of trying to figure out this, by trying to figure out this encryption key. He'll try to decrypt this. This is pretty much straight forward. Then apart from that, we have chosen plain text and adaptive chosen plain text. Here, what's happening here? In chosen plain text? Attacker what he does? He takes some of his own plain text like he'll use some of these plain text like Batman or some names, Spider-Man or all these plain text he'll use and he'll do. He will feed this plain text to this Cypher that is this algorithm. So, after he puts this plain text into the Cypher for all the algorithms, some Cypher text will be generated. Some random strings will be generated. He will analyze the pattern here. So, for this plain text, what this algorithm, how it is converting, what's the process behind this? He will figure out that. Similarly, we have adaptive chosen plain text. Here, similar to chosen plain text, but here, what he's doing? He will based on the information from the previous encryption. He'll keep on doing this and based on the results, he will try to make some of the interactive queries. He'll change something, he'll modify the key, he'll add something to the key, he'll do some changes and try to get the result. So, this is what we call as adaptive chosen plain text attack. Noon plain text attack here. In noon plain text attack, what's happened? Attacker no. Some part of the plain text. Suppose there is some plain text, he know that is stars. plain text is man. He don't know whether it is Batman, Superman, Spiderman, but at least he know some part of the plain text. With the help of this Cypher text, what he'll do? He'll try to figure out the encryption key. So, that he can able to decipher this Cypher text. So, this is the typical example of Noon plain text attack. Then we have some more chosen presifer text attack. In chosen presifer text attack, he has both of these things. He has plain text as well and corresponding cipher text as well. He has both of these things here. Now what he's doing? He's trying to figure out that this system, that encryption system, what's the process going on here? How it is getting encrypted into this? He's trying to figure out that pattern here. In chosen cypher text, I hope you are getting this thing. In rubber hose attack, this is interesting. What's happening here? Extraction of cryptographic secrets from a person by coercion or torture. He can't of course, he's not doing physical torture here. He will use some social engineering techniques, like manipulating him into doing something or revealing something. Then we have something called chosen key attack here. The goal of attacker is not in chosen key attack. In chosen key attacks, the goal of attacker is not to break the sites. What here is the goal? To understand that system and also to establish or to figure out the relationship between keys that are involved in the encryption process. See, I told you in DS, what's happened in DS? There is one master key right along with one master key. There were several subkeys as well in each round of the algorithm. Here in chosen key attack, the goal of attacker is not to decrypt that cypher. Here, what he is doing? He is understanding that system, understanding to understand that algorithm and relationship between these keys that are used in that particular algorithm. That is what we call as chosen key attack. Then at last, we have something called timing attack. Here, what he'll do? He'll note down the timings. Suppose for the execution or encryption of this particular cypher text, it took this much of time and for this text, it will take this much of time. So, by execution time, he'll note down and he'll keep, he'll try to break that system with the by observing these times, execution times. Modular exponentation operation, if you remember our RSA example, I have shown you. See, modular modulation will be conducted here in this algorithm. See, you know, what is the time that computer is taking to compute that particular mathematical operation? How much time it's taking? He'll what will attacker will do? He'll note down these execution times and he can able to predict some. I have some idea about the algorithm or encryption process. So, these are the different kinds of attacks that are there in cryptography. Apart from that, you can note down some of these tools. Some of the hash calculators, MD5, hash calculator. If you give any particular plain text, it will give you a give you a give out the hash value of that particular plain text. Apart from that, we have some of these tools. Then, I hope you have heard about this encryption. Disk encryption will use for blue ray DVDs and also backup. There is something called volume encryption for these hard disks. What does this encryption do? It protects the confidentiality of the data stored on the disk. That is hard disk or SSDs. It is similar to text message encryption. Remember, it will be active even though there is no way. Why? I think you have heard about something called Bitlocker encryption to encrypt your hard disks. What happens? Suppose if someone don't know your laptops, login password or anything, what he'll do? He'll think that he'll remove your hard disk and attach to some other PC or desktop and can be able to retrieve your data right. For that, in order to avoid that what you can use, suppose one more example you can take, you want to dispose your old desktop or laptop. It's not working properly. It's often freezes. Something like that, what you'll do will throw out in garbage or dustbin somewhere outside. What these people can do? They'll use their hard disk from that particular device and they can be able to retrieve the data from that particular hard disk. In order to avoid that, we have this concept as disk encryption. That is typical example you can say as Bitlocker encryption in which the hard disk will be encrypted and it will be decrypted with that particular hash value or key only. Right? This is pretty much simple and straightforward. No complexities are there here.