 Hello everyone, so let's study scanning networks, module 3 and this and it is first to discuss with the introduction to network scanning concepts. Let me explain you with an overview here. So this is our scanning networks, the module 3. So let me take an example here. Here we have an attacker. Let's assume we have a target server or organization here. So we know that before launching an attack, always attacker, he goes for first phase, foot printing and reconnaissance. Foot printing and reconnaissance is nothing but gathering information that they try to. So in this phase he tries to extract information about this target and about its environment. Second phase we have our scanning. So these comes to first phase and we know the first step of any attacker's foot printing. So under second phase scanning, he tries to fetch four things. So scanning is nothing but the second phase in this scanning networks. He tries to extract information about this target in a deep movie. In that he will try to extract the information. So under scanning he tries to check focus on ports, hosts, services running in the network. For all the services running in the network he tries to focus and he also checks for well notice. You can call it as well. Loading, Floss or Loops. So here he will try to check one more thing. When he comes to ports, he will try to check the status of port. Port we know it's nothing but a virtual point where the network connection starts and ends there. Each and every port they are associated with the specific processes. So if we want to send an email we need a port number 25. If we want to receive an email, I'm app and pop 3. So we need these two protocols to receive an email to send an email. We need SMTP. So port number 25 plays a prominent role to send an email. To receive an email, 110143. I'm app and pop 3. These two protocols, you know, place a prominent role. So if you just want to take a troubleshoot somebody system, we're taking remote access on some of these computer. Right? So we need this protocol, tell and port 23 plays a prominent role. So our port has been associated with specific and special co-process here. So mean thing is understanding face. Okay. So first face was for printing. Second face, he jumps into scanning and this he'll try to extract information in a deep way. Okay. End up. So here he focuses on identifying about ports, posts, services running even network and well known. Under ports, he tries to check the status of the ports whether they are closed, open, filtered, filtered. Here, he'll check whether for you know, he check for live missions whether host is alive or that and for all the services running in a network, he can check with one of the best you know scanning tool and map and he'll also focus on. Okay. Here, he'll check the vulnerabilities during this type of scan. Okay. He can use plenty of well known these scanners. So we have a Windows tool, a best Anises well known to scanner which checks for port, server side and client side. We have only two under call it and we have open was next post. So many well known to scanner tools are there. Here we can check with enmap angry IP scanner, advanced IP scanner. So many tools. Okay. So let us quickly discuss about the scanning methodologies here. Okay.