 Hi everyone, in this video we will be looking into the types of machine learning. So the machine learning is basically divided into three parts. And what are the three parts we have? We have something called as supervised machine learning. We have unsupervised machine learning. And we have something called as reinforcement machine learning. So you know your supervised machine learning has been for the classified two parts. One is your regression and one is your classification. So we are like I am not going to very core of it how it is divided and what is happening. I just want to give some examples how exactly machine learning model works for supervised machine learning and unsupervised machine learning. Because reinforcement is quite the complex one in which your machine learns automatically. Now I am going to give an example how your machine learns automatically. So for an example thought of a human baby think of a human baby. Now whatever you teach to a human baby he will learn that. Now for an example let us say you went to a garden and you picked up or let us say you plugged a rose. So of course you know there are horns in the rose plant. So chances are very high that you will be hit one thorn. Now once you hit a thorn you will feel a pain. So your brain will understand that if you touch the rose plant chances are there you will be receiving pain. So similarly in reinforcement machine learning we try to replicate the same concept here kind of like a human like a concept where he will also understand by the experience he is learning with. I have just want to show you a video. Let me just stop the machine for a minute. Okay let me go here. Perfect. So see this video. Have a look. I hope you can able to see this. So in this particular video what is happening? You can see there are collection of some certain red boxes. You don't know why it is lagging. Possibly I am sharing with a zoom and you see this. Now it is quite perfect. So if you look into this particular image what is exactly happening is that there are some sort of red boxes. These red boxes are basically your cars. Yes. So what do I ultimate goal is that I am not teaching my machine learning model or the car basically. I am telling that you go and learn by yourself. Go into the real world. You have to learn by driving by yourself. So how does it is standingly going and hitting the walls and you know that we should not hit the walls. Okay but slowly slowly your machine is understanding that he should not hit the wall. So what he is doing is a concept of the un-the-sand-not-it concept of reward-based system. Reward-based system. Now whenever your machine goes straight like the green one I can see whenever who goes the first that is converting into the green. So you can search for deep learning cards in your YouTube and you can find this out. Let us know something difficult. So whenever a machine performs good I am going to reward that particular machine as one. Means I am going to give him a chocolate. Just like a chocolate I am giving as one. But whenever a machine pits the boundary, the gray boundary here or I am going to give him zero. That means you are doing something bad or beating. Let us say suppose you have a children if he scores good marks in the exam what you do. You take him to a restaurant or you give him his favorite food or what you can do. You can give him some favorite cycle or anything. Anything but you do something nice for him. But let us say he failed the exam. So what you will do you will do the same thing. Possibly but major day of the times we do the beating itself. So why you are not studying? Why you are scolding and all the things. We will go on. Same thing happens in your rain force and machine learning. It works on a reward-based system just like a human in which we don't train the model rather than machine learn all by hands. Now you might be thinking by looking in this video of Tesla. How Tesla cars are working. So concepts remain the same. Whenever Tesla cars runs into the production level or in the real-time world, so it takes information from the world. And process it simultaneously. So that all the other Tesla cars will be able to using the same information and they can drive or the user can have a smoother experience. So all everything is based with AI and M. That is the reason I told you. It is a very broad concept. Not something we can understand within a few months also. So it takes a lot of time because nowadays things are becoming very easy. We don't have to remember all these things. So you can now see that the car is able to go out of this particular place. So similarly every car will automatically be able to go out of the maze and at last they will be finally finished the game. So that's how basically a reinforcement machine learning works. It's lagging a lot. Okay so we got to have a little bit of idea about what exactly a reinforcement machine learning is. So here it works on a UR based system. Okay now let's talk about what exactly the supervised machine learning does. Now I won't be going into the very depth of regression and classification but you know that if you are going to very depth of it things might become very complicated for you to understand. So leaving that. So I'm going to give you an overview of what a supervised machine learning is. So I'm going to give you two examples where you use the supervised machine learning in day to day life. Supervised machine learning. Okay now let's take an example of face unlock. Let's take an example of face unlock. Now have you ever given thought about that how you phone face unlock is working. Now of course I hope so everyone has tried that. That they of course if you go to your security settings in your phone and you will see that there will be multiple things. One is your fingerprint. One will be your normal pattern and all the things and you'll be having your face unlock. So anyone thought about how these two things are working? How fingerprint is working? How face unlock is working? Okay so here your fingerprint or the face unlock using the concept of supervised machine learning. Now in programming what happens is that in traditional programming I'm writing it here. In traditional programming what happens? There will be a logic. There will be a logic to the program. Now for example let's say this is my logic and the logic is y equals to 2x plus 10. Logic is this setting. So what your programming do is that your program will take input from the user okay and it's going to give an output irrespective user give whatever input. So here you'll be giving the input and here you'll be getting an output. Simple right for example let's say input is always done in the form of x okay. Remember that input is always in the x output is always in the form of well. So let's say I give x equals to 20. So it will go through the complete logic and it's going to give us an output. So here in place of x I'm going to put 20 20 multiplied with so 2 multiplied with 20 which is 40 plus 10 which is 50 and you will get answer 50 that is equals to y. Similarly x equals to let's say 10 and again if we go through the logic and that logic is 10 multiplied with 2 becomes 20 20 plus 10 is 30. So here we're receiving 30 equals to y and that's how a tradition programming works. I hope here's familiar with this nothing complex in here very quite easy. So now let's try to understand this thing in the in the concept of machine learning how machine works. Basically how machine learning works. In machine learning what happens is that we don't have logic. The logic you're seeing here we don't have it. Rather than we give data to the machine learning model. Let's say this is my data coming here and here a machine learning model is it a big machine learning model. So this is my ml. So your ml model model does vary kinds of things some models use mathematics some model use statistics some model use some different architectures and all. So various types of machine learning models are available various types of deep learning models are also available. Let me just try to look at ml model or deep learning model. Concept remains both for the same machine learning and deep learning. So here what I will do I will pass input and here I will also pass the output. So once you pass the input as well as the output into it your machine learning creates the logic here automatically it will create a logic by finding patterns between input and output it will be finding patterns between input and output then it became a train machine learning model. I will give you examples that it will be quite easy. It become a trained ml model. Let's say assume that this is where it finds the logic. Now let's take example of the same thing what I have to do is freeze the log. So what happens if you go into the phone security and if you go to the phone and log and sorry yeah phone and log and you go to the face and log in the settings. So you will see that when you are giving something it is going to ask you input that means hold your camera and show your face properly in front of a proper picture applied without using spectacles or using spectacles whatever it's taking just input from the user automatically with the help of cameras. And the output will be automatically generated that is whatever your name is that's a your name is pre-arge. So this is my pre-arge phase I am storing it. Okay input is going output is going but what happens instead of building a logic I told that every machine learning model does not build a logic some machine learning model just learns. So here it will learns that this particular image is of pre-arge and it is going to store that in his brain understand logic or I can say it's a brain that whenever he sees pre-arge then he will unlock the phone otherwise he will not. Now again I am saying it to you what is happening your machine learning model take two things or a deep learning mode input and output. So input is take opening the camera and taking up my pictures multiple pictures okay and that is kind of labeled as pre-arge. Let's say this picture or the pre-arge to this picture of whose our phone is what our phone is say it will be completely labeled that or let's say if not pre-arge it will just say that open the phone if he sees that particular picture or let's say you can say show a one particular object also depends how your phone face lock and lock has been designed. Now once everything is done that means your machine learning model becomes a trained machine learning okay once it becomes a trained machine learning model now let's say some different person comes to you let's say Ram shows his face and do you think the phone will unlock? No the phone will not un but again if I come into picture if this familiar face comes into picture for example pre-arge to come into picture you will see that automatically your phone will be getting unlocked right so that's what happens with the help of machine learning. So we basically all these things brain and all they're kind of pre-designed otherwise if you start coding this things out in Python it will take a lot of time but it can be easily done not a very big thing not a very big thing it can be easily done so I didn't remember the side exactly but I have this this things can be easily done kind of someone made this web application okay I didn't worry about that but there is something if you just browse into internet you will find something like this if you want to train certain things if you open up your friends face your face and some other face and you can train your data you will see your machine will able to understand this is beyond through this is Ram this is someone someone someone okay similarly this machine learning is basically used in the backend to open up your or basically open up your phone I don't know it's not so that's the reason whenever whenever Pian should come into picture your machine is going to provide him one basically says that unlock the phone and here when someone else comes into the picture it's going to show zero that means don't unlock the phone the same thing goes for your fingerprint printout so in fingerprinting same thing here it will take your fingers or basically your what against it finger prints with the help of a sensor and label them as a good finger or let's see anything whatever the developer has designed so let's see this is Pianchus finger and it keeps stored in the brain and whenever he sees that particular finger print on the sensor then he will unlock the phone otherwise don't unlock so this is where machine learning comes into picture in day to day like