 See, now let's start the most important part of this module that is OOS top 10. That is Open Web Application Security Project. So, who are these people or organization there? Not to profit organization. What they do for every three years? They release these top 10 lists of Web Security, risk that are there. How they generate this list? So, they generate this list through data sets and from some security professionals. See, data sets are nothing but the data that they receive from different sources. Like some data breach happened in some organization or some company. Wherever in World Void, they'll collect all those news and details and data and they'll prepare this list. Okay, these are the security risks that are being present in different Web application that has been out there. So, those are the, I think, but data sets. The recent one is 2021 only. So, the previous one was released in 2017. So, we'll go through 2021, whatever the things that are there, the top 10 list of 2021. And then if something is left, we'll go through 2017 as well. So, these are the lists of 2021. I'll explain each of these things in brief. So, you can have the idea of what exactly these security risks are. So, what exactly security risk? Security risk is nothing but potential of something happening. Some, of course, something bad happening. Or we can say potential of happening something bad. Plus, it's impact. Like if you have any insecure Web application, it will be vulnerable to these hackers for attackers. So, what are these things? We'll start with the number one list. That is, we have broken access control. See, before going to broken access control, we need to know what exactly access control means. Access control is nothing but suppose when a normal user gets or can able to perform all the administrative actions. Access control. So, that if a normal user can able to perform all these administrative actions, then we can call that as broken access control. Suppose, let's take an example. See, suppose you are working in some company and this company has some Web portal. In which all the details of the employees will be saved. Right? What happens? What happens? You open that particular Web portal and you log into your account and you can able to see all your details. Like your name, your address, your phone number, everything. What if you can able to change something in the URL like the employee ID number and you can able to check some else. Like, suppose there is another employee, John, we can able to fetch all the details of John who is working in that same company and another department. What if we can able to fetch those details? That is the typical example of broken access control. Basically, what here is happening because the security, vulnerability that is present in this Web portal or Web application. The normal user who suppose not to access other information is accessing that. So this is what we call as broken access control. So in cryptography, what we do? We do encryption and of course decryption with the help of some keys. We do two types of encryption. asymmetric kind of course symmetric. In asymmetric will use two keys public and private whereas in symmetric will use only public key to encrypt the data. So cryptography failure is nothing but suppose the hacker or attacker can able to decrypt the data that is present in your Web application. How is decrypting the data? Due to insecure cryptography. Due to insecure cryptography or cryptographic design in your Web application. See you can take the two examples here. One is SSL secured socket layer and another one is TLS transport layer security with the help of these two things. What we are doing we are providing encryption to our data that is present in our Web application. So due to insecure SSL certificate or invalid SSL certificate. Whatever the data will be susceptible or vulnerable to these attackers and if there is insecure SSL certificate in your Web site. Acre can easily able to steal all the data from your Web site. So this is the concept what happens in cryptographic failure. This is the OS Web site official Web site in which all these list top 10 list will be uploaded. So you can see how many things they have rearranged from 2017 to 2021. Some of these things have been there already. They have rebranded or changed the name. Some of them they were top. They were pushed down to below the line below the list. So these are the things. So we are done with broken access and cryptographic failures then we will move to injection. Injection is nothing but all these things will come up like. SQL injection that we study study in detail in next module apart from that we have something called cross site scripting. Command injection and also LDAP injection in LDAP we can. You able to use brute force or a data or dictionary attack to get access of all the things that are present in active direct. Command injection is nothing but giving some malicious payload. So that in order we can access some of the things from web server. So that we can able to fit some data from web server.