 Hi everyone, so today let us study about hacking web service. First let us come to know, first let us call focus on web service here. So where I say about web server, so web server it's nothing but you know it's a program. So I am considering boots hardware here as well as software. Yeah it's a program where we have put hardware and software. So it is the one which posts web sites. Okay, so attackers they usually target software vulnerabilities. So they used to focus on software vulnerabilities as well as configuration errors. Now to compromise these web servers. Okay, so now we can consider this web server as a physical system also or computer system which stores okay, daily boars and process web pages to clients. That too we are HTTP people to call. Okay. So overall it's a physical system which stores, delivers, poses web pages to clients via HTTP whenever you request you know web page from the server. So we got to know what is web server but here nowadays as you can see there are so many network level and OS attacks can be seen right. So they are defended using proper network security measures that is such as ideas, alpires and even our web application firewalls. So however this web server are accessible from anywhere on the web which makes them less secured and more vulnerable. Our web servers are more vulnerable to attacks. Okay. So there can be a question why web servers are compromised here. Yes, due to improper file and directory permissions you know installing the server with default settings if you are you know there is a lack of security policy procedures and maintenance here definitely there will be a risk and default accounts with that default or no passwords or all improper authentication with external systems even this can you know due to this the web server can be compromised. So let's see in the slides here. So these are the outlines. So it's just a intro part you'll be coming you'll be knowing about these things in detail. So here explain what is web server and they are very much vulnerable to attacks. These are the components of web server where we learn about document root server root virtual hosting web proxy. Okay, web proxy is the one which is between web client as well as servers to prevent I'll be blocking here. So these are all the securities yes, usually attacker they target software vulnerabilities as well as competition errors to compromise web servers as we discussed the impact attacker okay, the impact which we can see where attacker on a web server. The thing is if attack any attack on a website or web server can do these following okay which we can see here. So first thing is compromising user accounts here and there is a website defacement yes website defacement is nothing but an attack in which malicious partners penetrate our website and replace the content of the site okay. So we have a secondary attacks further yes, there will be a data that illegal transfer of personal information or financial information. We have a data tampering attack also. So data tampering here it's nothing but it means deliberately intentionally modifying destroying the data to unauthorized channels and even he will be allowed to have a room that's to the service. So huge impact on our organization if our servers are compromised here okay. So individually completely I have explained how it's going to happen and yes, coming to your web server methodology okay. So here he will be focusing on first thing is information gathering tools okay and then he will be focusing on food printing tools okay and then millering tools. So he will be focusing on website millering and even we have used to be like on ID server as food printing tool okay and millering he tries to miller a website music, he should track website copier, black widow so many tools are there. Finally he will try to check the floss okay and he tries to identify the weakness in the network okay. So using a vulnerability scanner tool, Nases, Webbing Spectral, OpenVase so many other tools. Finally he will be jumping into hijacking tools. We have a burp soon, burp soon professional, wire shark, cookie hijacker so many tools are there. Finally he will be landing into attacking tool. It's a metasploit one of the dangerous framework okay where we can have a penetration testing toolkit and it is the one where completely so many exploits can be seen okay. So yes, half to this. This is the, so this is what the web server portion where we will be learning about tools, about attacking tools, about the methodology, about the attacks, so many things will be learned under this web server. So this is the end of web server, half to that we have a web application okay. So I can take your example right, we can take the example of Facebook, your make my trip, your Instagram, yeah so many web application you can have an example here. So then web application okay, it provides an interface between end user and web servers here okay. So let us just discuss in detail about web application and thereafter we can understand how hacking happens under web application. When you consider a web application, so the web applications they are nothing but they are the one who provide an interface, who provide an interface between end users and web servers okay. So we can just say through a set of web pages which are generated at the server and yeah and it contains crypt codes which execute dynamically with the client web server browser yeah. So yes, the thing is web application is the one okay, between end users and server so they can be an interface yeah. So the main thing is through web application so attackers use to enforce certain security policies. So we, I think we can enforce some security policies but they are the one who tries to identify flaws and exploit those flaws okay and they are very much vulnerable to various attacks like SQL injection, cross-site script, session eye jacking, so many attacks okay. So we can hear you people to learn what is web application, what is web application technology about web application threats okay. So very importantly you will be understanding what is cross-site script attack, how he tries to inject malicious drivers, under a web page what is cross-site you know cross-site request forgery attack, what is SQL injection attack, how he tries to attack toward the database okay so everything will be understanding. So when comes to web application threats okay, first thing is cookie poisoning. So here we know under cookies we will be having so many useful information right. So by changing the information inside the cookie attackers can easily bypass the authentication process here. So once they gain control over then it works they can either modify the content you know and again further use that system for malicious attack or they can steal information from user system okay. For cookie poisoning we have a cookie catcher and we also use burpsuit one of the best web application penetration testing tool we have okay. So there are the penetration testing tool there are two perspectives even white attacker going to use it even a black attacker, black attacker they use to exploit this web application that means if they want to do OTP bypassing they going to use this burpsuit tool as a black attacker hacking tool but we white attacker ethical hackers if we want to perform some security assessments okay. So in real time if you want to monitor a complete loophole's flaws we completely if you want to scan a whole domain we go with burpsuit professional addition okay. So yeah we always ensure system security here and if burpsuit we have a sequencer where you know attacker tries to capture cookies in real time you are a live life capture can see here. So there are so many as I told you there is a cross-site script attack also yeah. So here in this cross-site script attack attacker bypasses the client's ID okay. So he tries to gain access privileges here also by injecting malicious JavaScript into web pages of a particular website okay. So these malicious JavaScript that can even rewrite the HTML content of the website here okay. So this is the second one and we have a SQL injection attack also so many attacks comes under web application. Under this SQL injection it's a type of attack where SQL commands are injected by that attacker where I input data then the attacker can tamper with the data okay. So there can be a tampering data so he can completely manipulate the parameters exchanged between client and server in order to modify the application data it may be such as users credentials permissions etc okay. So let us focus on the slides here yes we go to know what is web application and how hacking happens. So we will be understanding in further module what exactly the architecture of web application what are the concepts how we tries to inject malicious JavaScript standard of a page and yeah the tools and the countermeasures of web application okay. So this ends web server hacking web server as well as hacking web application thank you.