 Hi everyone, so let's study today about cybersecurity tools intro which is module 3 and CSF course given. So let's focus on cybersecurity tools today. Before that let's see what's color in the sand pad security. So yes as you can see it's one of the most famous and powerful penetration testing platform. Yeah they are the ethical hacking platforms. They are specially designed to conduct so many intelligence security assessments. So both are OS, they are built on both OS like Kalilinx, Asylas, Parat OS, two operating systems. They are built on deviant standards. So they are extensively used in the field of penetration testing. For the systems as we know it supports 64 bit as well as 32 bit architectures. However the main thing is they have distinct differences in regards to RAM usage, graphic card requirements as well as space consumption here. So we can see a plenty of built tools and pre-installed software here. So whatever they know even the wider hackers as well as the ethical hackers they perform and deploy all security assessments here. So Parat OS as we can see here it is also pre-installed with a similar tool set to Kalilin but it contains applications which assist with encryption, privacy and anonymity here. So yes there can be a question that even hackers use OS, this Parat OS or not. Yes it can be used by hackers because you know for a variety of tasks including well-known media analysis, penetration testing, computer forensics and war. So yes so we can just see as here in the last point in terms of GPU. Yes, Kalilin it requires a graphical card but a parent security there should be no graphic card is needed here actually. So in terms of betterment like we can ask like which is better Parat OS or Kalilin is here. Kalilin can be somewhat laggy due to its heavy weight requirements but Parat it is a lightweight and generally does not lag there. So Kalilin is includes all the basic hacking tools but the Parat OS it contains all the tools which is available in Kalilin plus it is unique tools such as you know Wi-Fi Fisher and on Surf. So many important tools comes up in this Parat. So now let's focus on open was as you can see the first door here. So open was it's an open well-known the assessment system and open source well-known Tscanner which is used to detect security issues in networks as well as applications. We also have Metasport. Here Metasport is one of the best penetration testing framework. It is a one which allows testing and exploiting well-known testing in the systems networks and applications. So yeah one of the very best tools we have to open was as well as metasport. So let's see what is in map here. So I'll help you in the graphic tab here. Since open was and Metasport was a second now let's see what is in map here. So it's a network map here and map. It's a network map of powerful network scanning tool. So why it has been specially used here? It's used for main thing. I discovered in host and even we can discover services. For all the services running in the network. So it easily helps us in detecting that. So this it helps in creating or all a map of the network here. So one of the very best tools which helps us in detecting OS versions and host services. It also checks the board status whether it is closed, open, filtered and filtered. So many things. One of the best networks scanning tool here. So and also we have a multi-go. So it is also one of the best information gathering tool here. A data visualization tool. So it has been used for link analysis here. And data mining. So the word data mining is nothing but even the information is hidden. The hidden information can also be fetched using this multi-go. So even multi-go it's some of the best information gathering tool here. So primarily it is used for gathering information. And also we can map out so many relationships between the entities here. So let's see with the next tool here. So as we can see here if ethical hackers or penetration destored if they want to conduct any investigations. So they straight away go for this.