 Hello everyone. So in this video, let's talk about virus and worms. So we all know that virus and worms are a type of malware. So these are nothing but malicious software that damages or disables computer systems and give full or partial access of the systems to the attacker or the creator for the purpose of fraud or theft. So virus and worms are a type of malware. Okay, now let's see what are different types of malware. So virus and worms, they are the anti-JZS threat. So virus and worms are both types of malicious software. So they are often referred to as contagious threats because they can spread rapidly and in fact, other computers or devices. So that's why they are called as contagious threats. So you're both virus and worms are contagious because they have the ability to replicate. So virus, they require human intervention or they require some human action to spread while your worms, they can spread automatically. Then there's your second type, Torgens and Root Kids. So Torgens and Root Kids are both types of malware. They're also known as mask, mask threats because they just disguise themselves to avoid detection and they carry out malicious activities. Then coming to your third type, you're a spyware and kill of this. So these are types of malicious software that just poses significant financial threats to individuals and organizations. So spyware. So spyware is a malware. It is designed in such a way that it will secretly gather information about a person's online activities including websites visited, search queries, emails and much more. Then we all know killogas. So they are also known as keystroke logas, your killogas. So these are the types of spyware. They just record each and every keystroke typed on the keypad. So they can also record passwords, user names, credit card numbers and other sensitive information. So now let's talk more about virus. So virus, it is also called as vital information resource under C. So that is our abbreviation. Vital. So virus, it is different from them because your virus needs some source. They just need some file to infect. So it is not a self replicating one. So virus, it is a software or a program which just impacts our systems, files and programs. So we have different types of malware, virus, worms, torgents. So virus. So virus are designed to damage the target system, target computer by corrupting the data, reformatting your address and completely shutting down your systems. So in our intern, they can also be used to steal information, arm computers and networks. But one important thing about viruses, they require human action to infect computers. Until, unless a certain human action is not done, they can't spread it. Okay, they can't infect the systems. So they and they just spread through email attachments and internet downloads. Again, your email attachments and internet downloads. So once you click on your email attachment or download something from the third part of the application, your viruses won't be implemented. They won't be implemented. So some of the popular viruses out there. So the first virus. So back in 1971, your US defense company created something called as Arpanet Network for communicating between countries. So they created this Arpanet Network in 1971. So in this network, we had a creeper virus. So this was the first recorded virus. So your creeper virus was found and it has spread across the network. Maybe some more example. So L-cloner. So this was a virus with spread across the PC in the year 1982. So which infected the PCs in the year 1982. So your Richard Sikantra wrote this virus for Apple to operating systems. So your L-cloner, this also infected computer hardware. Then you also have this, the first virus which was invented in India, which was created in India. So something called as brain virus. So this was the first boot sector virus. So this was the first boot sector virus of India. So it was in near 1986. So the two brothers from Pakistan, they tried infecting the floppy disk. So the two brothers were busyth and Farook. So boot sector virus means it is infecting the boot section of floppy disk. So boot section is nothing but your bios. Basic, input and output systems. So this is where your system gets booted. So here this virus was infected. So this was about viruses. Now let's see about worms. So worms it is abbreviated as right once read many. So worms it is a self replicating one. So it is human independent. It doesn't seek any human involvement to spread. So this also harms and crashes our data. So worm is also one of the most common type of malware. This malware, this worm spread over computer networks by exploiting the operating system. So whatever vulnerabilities were present in operating system, it was exploiting that. And it is a stand-alone program. It doesn't require any human interpace. So it is human independent. So it doesn't require any action from anyone. So your worms, since they don't require any action, they can spread fast. So your worms are used to executive payload, a piece of code created to damages systems. Your worms, more is worms, storm worms. Alright. So that was worms, your second type of malware. If you look at the difference between worm and virus. So the first one, how does it impact a computer system? The first one. So virus itself inserts itself into a file. So it needs some media. It inserts itself into a file or an executive program. But worm, it is the working is different. It exploits a weakness in the application or operating system by self replicating. Second point, does it infect files virus? Yes. So it deletes or modifies the file. So sometimes it is well, it will be very hard to recover. But worms, they usually don't infect the file. So they work with the operating system. With speed is more, obviously worms are faster because it is self replicating and virus is slower than worm. So one example was the code red worm affected three lakh PCs in just 14 hours. So that is a speed of its replication. Three lakh PCs in 14 hours. So worms are kind of dangerous. So we have another example, the worm attack in 2003. So it just infected 75,000 victims within 10 minutes. We can see the infection rate. So it is spread across borders. It was infecting worldwide. So 75,000 victims in 10 minutes. So that was about virus and worms. Thank you.