 Yeah, so in this camp table PC1 PC2 PC3 PC4 first PC's number and then there IP Let's say 10.1 10.2 10.3 10.1 next Mac. Let's their Mac is a B CD Guys if I want to send something to Shashveth here, it will check PC1 it will check for the mapping of IP and Mac what is the Shashveth IP what is Mac and who has seen this mapping? our ERP protocol address resolution protocol Getting it it is the one which which helps in the construction of this camp table under the switch So, hub doesn't have this camp table. So it is a real-life device But Switch they have what a camp table what is this camp table guys content addressable memory? Yeah, so every other ports IP Mac their IP Mac everything is there right so it's easily you can You know easily identify so now tell me You got to know why hubbiz brainless and why switch it intelligent right now tell me which is active which is passive and which is difficult to sniff and which is difficult to See I told you hubna main segment will be there here A secondary segments will be there right and if I want to send something from here to Shashveth what happens Shashveth here enough It give you get broadcasted now Yeah, so easily attacker can sniff here. You are here anywhere he can sniff so sniffing is very easy to whom Attack of true hub. Yeah, so can we say the passive sniffing Not actively interactive now is just he can sniff from any other way However, your information is being broadcasted each other segment Just he is not stressing on the things actively not interaction in vicar gillar right process sniffing can be done through hub now tell me switch As I told you we have a coach site here here here So if this is the main segment guys what happens here some PC one PC two PC three like this There is a connection if I want to send to PC to it will go to PC to only Yeah, see our net see sensitive information. I am sending from this main segment to PC to it is not leaking out here and there no If he is trying to sniff here can he know if he's trying to sniff here can he know he has to check right the sniffing for him It's making you know. Yeah, difficult right. It's we are facing difficulty in sniffing in what is the necessity of like you know He's capturing packets no use he's capturing here no use. I am transferring here now His energy is getting wasted his technique getting wasted right time also Right because switches intelligent sensitive information is here Everything is getting wasted here. So Attacker what he'll try to do guys tell me He'll convert switch into Hub And make things easier and then he'll try to snip Now tell me you got a technique now. Yeah Hubbell easily he can He was ready to snip the broadcast thing was happening in switch. It was the picker So his technique is he wants to make this switch into hub That means he wants to make a intelligent one into a brainless one. He want to fool him and then snip how will he fool Main thing is what he needs to destroy What he needs to Cam table he wants to play with cam table now Yeah, first thing is what there will be things Code numbers IP Mac The constriction is happening not properly so he has to focus on destroying this camp table how he can Can I say ERP flooding If he floods ERP packets there is a misconfiguration now mismatching this IP states here this max it's here All miss up mismatching happens. Yeah using max flooding Okay, I'll just help you the techniques here