 Hi guys, good morning. In this video, we'll be looking into analyzing cyber threats with AI and we'll also see the practical implementation. So let's talk about this. So we will be having an international spam fritters. Now let's take an example, what exactly spam fritters means. Now you might see that whenever you receive a mail in your inbox or whenever someone is sending a mail basically what happens. It passes through a machine learning model. Now if you have gone through my previous videos, you might have seen that how exactly machine learning model works. So it basically went to predict what is a spam spam mail or what is an am mail or basically what is a legitimate mail or what is model legitimate mail. So similarly here, let's say send a sending you an email and you'll be going through a machine learning model and this machine learning model is going to predict that if it's going to be a spam or a non spam. So for that we'll be using a classification machine learning model. Okay, so we will be focusing practical implementation about this. How can we classify or lead or certain items happening or not. So we'll be looking into that. But first of all, let's have a look at the definition of this. So spam fritters are essentially software tools designed to shift through the vast volume of incoming emails and identify and block those that are potentially helpful. So basically what happens? How it protects us? It basically protects us some getting the spam mails or the facing items that a tackle used to do. Or let's say a manual latent emails. There are multiple ways it basically protect us. So we had an idea about how exactly spam fritters works. So let's move to the next slide. Detection of spam with perceptrons. Now this might be a little bit a little bit of very interesting yet complicated thing. Let's have a look understanding what exactly the concept of perceptrons is. Now talking about perceptron. So before talking about this perceptron, we should be having an idea about what exactly or let's say how exactly a human brain works. The inside of human brain you will be seeing a structure like this. A structure like this which is basically known as a neuron cell. What it does? It takes inputs or basically let's say if you're touching your heart, it played. What will be your first response? So to remove your hand right. So you subconsciously do it at the very fast pace. So that's how it is done. It's done basically with the help of millions and billions of neurons which is present and running in the right. Now you might have seen some kind of movies in which the lights used to sparkle. It used to go in the brain. So it's kind of like that itself. So what the scientist used to do? He replicate the same exact thing in the form of A and N. That is your artificial neural network. Kind of we are mimicking the real brain with this. So it has a lot of mathematical things. We would be not going into this. So just giving it a quick introduction about what is perceptron. Now coming to the where we can use AI in short detection. So we can use an ordinary detection. So what is exactly an anomaly is an anomaly means something called as an outliers. Let's say you have a little thing for example. Let's say we have some data, age data. Okay. Just giving something example. Okay. Let's say someone person is 21. Someone ages 23. Someone ages 25. Someone ages 29. Now let's say someone ages 700. Three or 7,000 three basically. Now here you can see that the 7,000 three is basically a number which is not following this pattern. And when something is not following exact pattern with the other data points, it is basically known as an anomaly or an outliers. Same thing goes for your behavioral pattern as well. Now AI analyzes uses behavior such as typing patterns, device usage to automatically indicate users and detect an anomaly that may be indicate fraud. Now for example, let's say you are using your phone to access a Gmail. But suddenly you went out to your friend's home and you want to open a Gmail. So you use a friend laptop. So when you open your friend laptop and you open a Gmail and a put a email ID. So it's going to send you a text in your phone that are you the real person. If you are the real person, click on this for whatever letters. So it basically follows up certain procedure because there is a certain behavioral change. Okay. Similarly, we can use AI in real time monitoring as well. Now real time monitoring can be done in various kind of software available with us. So AI power system monitor transaction in real time quickly finding suspicious activity for the investigation and prevention. Now also given you an example for this. So like how my friend was able to get a call from SBA stating that are you doing a transition on? So if you just go through the videos and give you multiple examples, just have a look on the phone. So same thing, same example with the fraud prevention. AI not only detects fraud but only helps us to prevent it by implementing adaptive security measures or just two factor authentication and risk based authentication. I hope you guys have idea about this two factor authentication. This is now a very common to what's up also uses your senior Facebook users idea of also senior Instagram also uses it. So each and every platforming social media to anything which is the internet they basically use it to factor authentication. So yeah, that's all for this video. In the next video we'll be having looking into the DDoS attack implementation. Basically how we can prevent it. So thank you everyone. Thank you. Have a nice day.