 Here comes the interesting part. We have types of Cloud computer services. We have three types of Cloud computing services, infrastructure as a service, IAS, platform as a service, and software as a service. See, platform as a service is for developers. Suppose you are developing some application, mobile application, or website, or anything. You can utilize these Cloud services, such as platform as a service. So you can able to, suppose you need some, you need to install some frameworks, or some software, but for developing your app, you can able to utilize that. Suppose you need some virtual OS, you can utilize all these things through Cloud services. So that is, if you, I'll show you an image, you can able to better understand these types, here, remember, these for specifically for developers. Apart from that, we have software as a service. Here, we can able to, most of the things we can able to access, from software as a service, end customers, that is, we people, us, we can able to demand anything, any software, over the internet, like Google Docs, Google calendars, or any of the applications through Cloud. And at last, we have something called infrastructure as a service. Suppose you are running a business, or a company, and there, you need to provide some of these things. You have some of the things, like you have some physical equipment, hardware, all these things, but you need some more, Cloud services, such as virtual machines, platform, and all those things, that will be provided by Cloud. Now, let us look at this example. See, in on premises, means, suppose there is a building. Inside the building, you have all these things, like you have some of the, of course, some of the host machines, the networking, you have done. So some of the networking is there, so that you could transmit some, let me write it in this one. See, this is a building. Here, you have so many host machines will be there, and all the, some networking devices will be there, that will be connected to all these other host machines. A server will be there. So many things that will be there on this building. See, so this is, you manage that, we are managing all these things. Even virtualization will be there, like a, for example, I have installed, this one, VMware in my laptop, and I can able to access virtualization, that is, virtual OS, sorry, virtual machine. I can able to install virtual machine in my laptop, and some of the resources I have given to that virtual machine, and I can run, able to run, tally box. See, all these things are, are in the building only. In infrastructure as a service, we can able to manage these things. But all other these things will be provided by these cloud, service providers, like virtualization will be, for example, Amazon, AWS will provide you all the virtual OS, virtual applications, all these things. So you, you can take the example of Google storage, or Dropbox, you can store some of the files in Dropbox. So some of these things will be provided by these cloud service providers, in infrastructure as a service. Suppose you have some of the equipment, like hardware, all these things, some of these things will be provided by cloud service provider. This was, as I told you, for application developers, you have some data, you have your developing some application, and all of these other things will be provided to you by cloud service providers. So this time, concept we can call as platform as a service. In software as a service, everything will be provided to you by cloud only. No need to have any kind of equipment, or any other things. Most of the things will be like servers will storage networking, virtualization, even virtual OS, everything you can access through cloud only. So this week, even so many applications, we can able to access no need to install Microsoft Office only. You can able to access through Google Docs in software as a service. So that could be the better example for this. These are the thing I hope you can able to clear. Clearly see what are the difference between these three. There is shared responsibility model. You can see on premises application data, OS virtualization, physical hardware will be in the on the building and network networking in IS. All these some of these things will be there and some of these things will be provided by cloud. Platform as a service and software as a survey. Suppose take a pizza as a service. See on premises, you have some table chair. Suppose the it's a restaurant. A restaurant has all these things or home. Like table is their chair is their oven is their power. You can give some power electricity to the oven. You can and also prepare all these things. So this is what we can call as on premises. See in infrastructure as a service. Some of these things you have like table chair you have and electricity you have oven is there with along with you. But bizzado sauce, toppings, cheese, all these will be provided to you by cloud service. Right. Platform you have table and chair. All other things will be provided to you in software as a service. You can take the example of Zomato or Swiggy. What you will build up. We don't have any of these things will open up our app and will place an order. Right. It's the freshly made pizza will be delivered to you. That will be the perfect example for software as a service. See if you take this example how it is easy to remember right. I hope now you understood what exactly these three things are and what what are the difference between these three and how. Some of the cloud services will be provided to each of these service in each of these services infrastructure as a service can see you are the user through internet. This is the cloud service provide as I told you Google IBM Amazon or any of these things what will they provide. It provide us network story web servers to perform all over work or some of our project in order to complete some develop some application or complete some project all these things. We can able to use infrastructure as a set. See you have some of the Google dogs here Microsoft or your Google app engine. Development tools all the development tools will be given to you all the deployment deployment for platforms will be given to you. So these these services specifically for our developers system admins. Can I want to access virtual machines through infrastructure as a source. These are some of the things that come through types of cloud computing service.