 Hi guys, in this video we will be talking about vulnerability assessment concept. So let's hop into that. So vulnerability basically means your weakness or flaws in the system. So what does vulnerability means? vulnerability means flaws in the system. You can say as a flaws otherwise you can say as a weakness. Weakness in a system, server, network, infrastructure, wherever it is it is a vulnerability. Okay. So we have understood the concept of vulnerabilities and we have also did the practical about this. How can we find the vulnerabilities and how we can exploit the system. So in the upcoming modules we will be learning about more about how can we exploit the systems in a more deeper manner. How can we exploit the window system and everything we will see that. Okay. But now we will be learning about a new topic that's the types of vulnerability assessment. So make sure that you are ready for taking some notes. Okay. So because from now we are going to learn the liberty of a theory. So let's see types of vulnerabilities. These things are not present in your slides. That's the reason I'm going for handwritten notes. So come into types of vulnerability assessment. So the first type which we have. Okay. Okay. So before moving into the first type of vulnerability assessment, let's understand what is vulnerability assessment means. So basically whenever you're performing vulnerability assessment, it just a way of checking the presence of vulnerability. That means are you checking it directly or are you checking it actively or are you going to insert a network and checking it or you are sitting in a remote location and you are checking it. So multiple types are there. We'll be discussing about that. One-ribble assessment is just a way of identifying or analyzing or classifying different kind of vulnerabilities. Simple. That's what it is. So let me just try to be a bit and good definition about what is vulnerability assessment. So your vulnerability assessment is a process of defining, identifying, classifying and prioritizing vulnerabilities. Tightizing vulnerabilities in a computer system. For application or network infrastructure. Okay. So just a process of defining, identifying, let me just highlight this one, defining, identifying, classifying and prioritizing vulnerabilities in a computer system for application or a network infrastructure. Okay. So basically vulnerability assessment are of majorly four types. One is your active assessment. Active vulnerability assessment. Second, we have passive. Same thing. Like we have understood about active foot printing and passive foot printing. Same thing here also. Active vulnerability assessment. Passive vulnerability assessment. Internal vulnerability assessment and external vulnerability assessment. And it last one we have excellent. So let me give you some information about what exactly active foot exactly is passive, what exactly is internal and what exactly is external. So let's talk about the first one which is your active assessment. So here in the active assessment what we do, we do a direct communication with a network or the particular server or computer system. We do a direct communication. We do a direct interaction with a more better, we perform direct interaction. We perform direct interaction with the particular organization or whatever. So what we do in this active assessment. So basically we send live request to the network. We send request to live networks. So like this we are performing one thing. We are running that's a slide. That's what that's a direct interaction. So that's what your active assessment is. So we will examine the responses. That means examining the vulnerabilities, examining the responses. And at last here we perform direct interaction. Now we have written it here. But don't need to write it. So two things here. So what exactly direct interaction means to find vulnerabilities directly in the application. To find vulnerabilities. Actively in application or website. So what are the tools we basically use to perform this active assessment. So we basically used called as Hping. We can use Bing. Do it. We can use Nmap. We can use Ness's same thing which we are trying to do. We can use all of these things. There are some tools to perform the active assessment. Now coming to the passive assessment. So of course you might have guessed that here we are not going to perform any direct interaction. We are without any direct interaction we will be analyzing the data or whatever we have. So here without any direct interaction. Interaction. So here what we will do. So here basically we try to monitor the running services. For example, I have shown you the services with the help of Nmap and how to get out manual exploitation. We take that particular service name. We try to search in Google, GitHub and multiple rest and we can find it out what are the running services. What are the vulnerabilities present in the running services. So we also find about the certain versions. Is this particular version says any kind of vulnerabilities or not. We check for the open posting here. And we also here discover vulnerabilities. So basically tools used to perform passive assessment. We have Zeke. We have Wireshark. The basic Wireshark is used to track the packets. How the packets are transferring from one page to the other page. Internal assessment. Okay. In internal assessment what we do. We scan basically the internal networks. So basically what we do here is that. So here we perform scanning within the network organization. Within the organization network. Okay. So what we do here. We basically scan internal networks. Like first of all, you need to go inside the organization. You need to be connected to the Wi-Fi in order to perform this internet assessment. So here we basically going to perform scanning internal networks. Then what we do we use to find vulnerabilities. Finding vulnerabilities. So here the whole network infrastructure will be scanned. Infrastructure will be scanned. Okay. So yeah for the internal assessment tools we can use the same thing. We can use necessary. We can use Nmap and multiple other tools are available. The basically I was talking about only the calli tools which we can use. And yeah that's all about this internal assessment. So here we are only performing the internal assessment which you currently performing here itself. So not a big deal. Same thing your internal assessment and active assessment. So in internal assessment we need to go inside the organization network to perform it. That's what the difference is. Now coming to the external assessment. So of course you might have guessed this in external assessment what we do is that we basically perform the scanning of vulnerabilities from outside the network. So here we target the company targeting any company from outside. That by launching some frozen virus or launching some kind of malware into the system and we will try to access that sitting in a remote location targeting any company from outside the network area. So here we basically use tools such as Niktok, ShowDan and multiple things. So basically Niktok is a server side vulnerability scanning technique. So if you want to use that you can use it you can check on top of Niktok. So basically the server side client. To check vulnerabilities for server side. To check vulnerability of the server client. Okay, so make sure that you write this as well.