 I have one. So let's study about enumeration techniques. So under the first technique we have net bios enumeration. Let's see what is net bios enumeration here. Okay. So the first enumeration technique or classification here we have as net bios enumeration. Network basic input output system. So here this net bios enumeration technique it is used by attackers here. So if they want to gather information okay about a target network here they use this enumeration technique. So it involves acquiring net bios services in order to gather details such as computer names or if they want to gather information about network shares or if they want to gather information about user accounts they go with this technique. So this information can be used for reconnaissance as well as you know potentially for launching for their attacks. So it's very important for network administrator to be aware of this guys and to take measures you know to secure their systems against unauthorized access here. Okay. So when it comes to net bios name this net bios name it's a unique 16 ASCII character here ASCII character string. So this is the one which you know where we can identify network devices. So here out of 16 here 15 characters they are used for the device name and last the last character the 16th character you know it is reserved for the service or the name record time there. So most important thing is here net bios enumeration it is done by attacker you know they used to do this enumeration to check the list of computers or computer names that belong to a particular domain and the list of shares on the individual hosts okay on the network and even they check for policies pass words so many other things and details under user accounts. So yes this net bios name resolution is not supported by Microsoft for IPv6 here we need to know that also and very important ports for net bios name service we have as 137 TCP UDP and for data gram we have 138 session service 139 so these are the ports for there we can check under end map so the best protection is to turn off this pre-sharing file sharing or any blocks here completely so these ports has to be filtered or else it's very much risky we can enumerate your net bios services here okay so let's see in the slides here yeah it's as we know it's a unique ASCII string in order to identify the network devices we use this and in BT stat yes this is one of the very important utility okay Windows utility command which displays net bios okay so as I give you the command here let me just help you with the command here so if you want to check and we need stat if and you can grab your net bios local names here so if you want to extract about you know information about remote machine IP so you just enter IP you can get the details of remote machines also this is for remote machines you can give further IP or IP capital year okay so yes the main focus is here attacker uses this enemoration technique or net bios enumerator tool to check the list of computers which belongs to auto mine and they even check the list of shares policies passwords and user accounts okay so so many things here so this way the practical part I would like to show you the NBT stat if any capital so you know you can use even a capital year or a small year and the IP so here they have extracted the net bios remote machine table along with the mac address so these are the complete details of remote machine that were user groups details and even we have fetched mac address also by this technique so this is the end of your net bios enemoration thank you