 Hello everyone, so now let's focus on host port service discovery here. So as we know we got to know all the scanning tools which we used to use that occur as well as ethical hackers in order to scan, you know check the status of ports host here. So now let us study the scanning techniques we have full open scan stealth id sync exmos funnel. So before this let us move with the other major scanning techniques here. Let me just help you on this. The first scanning technique which is SCTP scanning. Here an STSCTP is nothing but stream control transmission protocol. So this is also one of the good scanning, okay the scanning are for telecom networks. So they are for telecom networks and we also have second scanning SSDP here, okay simple service discovery protocol SSTP scanning. So these happens for plug and play devices. In order to check the amplification factors we also have SCTP initialization I and IIT scanning. So it's completely like a stealth scan we're studying the card you know after a few minutes. So it's a SCTP initializing scanning we also have SCTP cookie echo scanning. So before the scan I would like to help you with the cookies cookies are the small pieces of textite sent to your browser by a website you visit. So they help that website remember. You know they completely help about our websites they remember information about your visit or files which has been created you know with respect to the sites which you visit here. So this happens a STTP cookie echo scanning here they are the major scanning now we'll go and we'll study the in deeper scanning. So now let's focus on a first scan which is our full open scan. So here as you can see okay DCP connects scan here. Overall so many types of scans are there the main mode of an attacker is to check the status of port. To check whether the host is alive or dead and he also this this comes under your port discovery host discovery. So he'll try to scan and check okay but then the port is open or not. So attacker as you can see the diagram here so attack we have an attacker here yes so and then we have a target also. Here attacker is sending sync packet at port 80 or some port N if target is replying if target is disposing with sync or acknowledgement packet and then attacker again acknowledges that means overall here TCP connects scan it is satisfying the three way handshake okay. So you know in TCP connects scan this connect TCP connects and hence it is also known as full open scan because it establish a full connection attacker used to send a sync packet that is request state target used to response and then finally attacker used to acknowledge okay so this completely satisfies the three way handshake hence you know if target is disposing with lying with sync or acknowledgement packet the result is port here the port is open if after sending a sync packet target is just okay without a proper response just sending a reset packet here right so these confirms that port is closed okay. So here this full connection scan or full open scan okay it's a very easiest to detect here but it's a most reliable scan also and very easy you know very easy to detect the port where they're open or close even you can you know go with the nmab script here iphone yes a team okay I'll show the commands which we can use under this TCP connects scan let us move with this tells scan half open scan so it is also known as a sync scan here here we can see the two stages okay once attacker we have a build and Sheila here okay so once a build tries to scan on Sheila system he tries to send a sync packet even if Sheila system is alive if port is open we'll be getting a response of sync or acknowledgement okay without sending an acknowledgement suddenly will use to reset you know he resets a connection that means he is trying he'll be ending the communication connection from both the direction simultaneously so why he is a not sending the acknowledgement why it's a half open connection and it is not satisfying the TCP three-way handshake here because here bill is trying to hide himself he doesn't want other people to know about him you know he completely he wants to hide if so this is the technique which attacker he even used to bypass their firewalls and evade ideas firewalls okay so and the definition is here you guys can see attackers uses tells scanning techniques to bypass firewall rules they're logging mechanism and also most importantly they hide themselves so the first step as we know client used to send a single packet here used to check whether you know the port is open or not if Sheila system or the host is replying with the reset packet port is closed if system is replying with the sync or acknowledgement packet yeah we can confirm port is open so here bill or attacker they never going to send the acknowledgement packet okay so they are not acknowledging this because you know they are hiding themselves themselves okay so they just reset a connection okay once they come to know whether port is open or close