 Hello everyone. So in this video, let's talk about the APT concept. So it is also called as APT stands for Advanced Persistence Thread in Cybersecurity. So here this APT refers to a sophisticated and target targeted cyber attack carried out by highly skilled like person. So highly skilled person such as nation's concert occurs or organized cyber criminals. So APT attackers are characterized by different things. So to simplify this, just imagine you have a bank account. So use a strong password and keep your account safe. So we'll just usually keep the account details safe. However, there are cyber criminals out there who are really skilled at hacking into accounts and stealing money. So these cyber criminals are nothing but ATB hackers. So let's discuss a little more about them. So ATB hackers, they're characterized by maybe the first one. They can say advanced techniques. So just like a skill thief, might use advanced tools to break into high security world. ATB hackers use advanced computer technologies to break into secure computer systems. For example, they can create a special software that can sneak past the security measures without getting caught. And the second important thing about this ATB hackers are persistence. So ATB hackers are persistence. Meaning they won't give up easily. So they might try different ways to break into your account over a long period of time until they succeed. So it's like a burglar who keeps on trying different ways to break into a house until they find a weak point. So they're very persistent. Third one, the third characteristics are targeted. They're very... So ATB hackers are targeted. Meaning they focus on a specific target. They focus on a specific target. For instance, let's say if a cyber criminal knows that a particular company has valuable customer data, they might target the company specifically to steal that data. So it's like a thief who knows which house has expensive gel ready and targets those house. And they're very sneaky. So stealth. So ATB hackers are sneaky and they try not to get caught. So they use tricks to hide their activities from security systems just like an ninja moves silently toward being detected. So there are certain challenges. So sometimes it is hard to know who the ATP attackers are because they cover their tracks. It's like very difficult to find them. So to protect against this ATP attackers, it is important to have strong cyber security measures in place. So some of the strong cyber security measures that you can implement to protect yourself from this ATP cybercriminals are. Let's say you can use antivirus software. It is important that we update our systems regularly. So update systems regularly. And make sure you to use strong password. So being cautious, you should also be cautious of what's linked your clinking, which emails are you opening. So by just implementing all this general things. So we can stay ahead of them. And maybe we can just avoid them. So this was about ATP concepts. Thank you.