 some of the types of ciphers we can see classical ciphers and modern ciphers. Classical ciphers we were used before computer era. Some of the people they used to apply these classical ciphers in order to send their secret message. In modern cipher we have two types, two subtypes that is based on key used and based on the input data. We can even more differentiate into block cipher and stream cipher. In block cipher it will encrypt that particular block of cipher data, input data whatever message we give. It could be like 64 bits or 128 bits or anything, any size particular size of block will be there. Here stream of data it will encrypt one bit at a time. But it won't be in the form of block like here. So that's the difference between block cipher and stream cipher. This was about based on type of input data. Here we have something called type of key used, private key and public key. In symmetric encryption we use something called public key. That means one key will be there for encryption and same key will be used for decryption. But in asymmetric key we use public key and private key. Whereas we encrypt with the help of public key and only with the help of private key we can able to decrypt that. See this is the typical example of classical cipher in which that first type is the substitution cipher. This is the example of substitution cipher. Suppose our message is hello. Now we are encrypting h with u, e with r and l with y and o with v. So this is how we will encrypt and same way this one who decrypts he can write this letters in this similar fashion. He can get after getting this encrypted text he can decrypt it into its original form. So this is the basic concept behind substitution cipher. When it comes to transposition cipher it should look similar to this. Okay let's write this one color. Colors and trust him. See will be here, l will be here. Oh we'll write at the last. Okay. See for colors. Sorry this is OLLCRSO. We have transformed this color into this cipher text with the help of transposition cipher. Here we have this is about how we give input. How this encryption device takes the input and encrypts that it will be depends on block and stream. Now let's move to types of cryptography. Here we can identify the concept of key. What exactly key? How we can use this key for encryption and all these things. See there are two types of encryption. That is symmetric encryption and asymmetric encryption. In symmetric encryption two types of encryption is there one is symmetric encryption and another one is asymmetric encryption. In symmetric encryption only one key will be used for both in symmetric cryptography what will do only one key will be used for both encryption and decryption. Here two keys will be used one is public key and another one is private key. One key will be used for encryption and another key may be used for decryption. So I hope you got the idea of two types of cryptography. asymmetric cryptography and symmetric cryptography and there will be a hash function that is nothing but this mathematical transformation that is the algorithm that we use in encryption process. It is irreversible we can't able to decrypt that without that particular key. See here one secret key will be there in symmetric encryption. Use the same key for encryption and as it does for decryption we will use the same key for converting this plain text into the cipher text and again we should use the same key to decrypt this cipher text into plain text but in asymmetric encryption what we'll do will use two different keys. One key will be used to convert this plain text into cipher text and here in asymmetric we'll use another key to decrypt this into cipher text from cipher text to plain text. I hope you clearly understand the difference between symmetric encryption and asymmetric encryption. One key one secret key will be there in symmetric. Two secret key will be sorry one public and one private will be there in asymmetric encryption. One will be one will encrypt and only other key will decrypt that. No the same we can't use the same key for decryption of that this in this type of encryption. There is something called government access key, government access to key. What is this? See who suggests this? National security agency of America. What we can say? G government access key, G A K. See in US there is something called NSA and National Security Agency. What these people do? These people are like an intelligence agency of the particular of their country. In India we have raw research and analysis wing. If you remember Pakistan ISI so all these people what they do? They gather some intelligence and all these things right? They spy on other countries and so many things. So here what's happening? This government has access to some of these keys which the government can able to decrypt some of the communications that has been done. Suppose there are any encrypted communication is happening between any two business entities or any individuals from two different countries. So something in order to make sure if there is any terror activity that is going on in order to stop all these things. What they can do? They use these government access key to keep on track on these all these people all these business entities and so many things. I hope you've got the basic idea of what government access to keys is or government access G A K. We can say. See to the government it is similar to the ability to white app phones. They can use these keys to decrypt all these data transmissions all these communications that are happening between two different people or two different entities. They will hold on to these keys in a secure way and will only use them when I quote issues of warren to do so. Some of these keys they'll keep in their repository and they'll only use them when there is a warren announced from court. Like you need to there is some case going on between two business entities like what's the issue who is the victim who is guilty here in order to find out that these government people can use these keys to decrypt some of these things software companies will give copies of all keys to the government.