 Okay, we have additional web server attacks. As already knew you know about DOS and DDoS attacks. Man in the middle attack, sniffing attack. You have, you have, you might have studied all this, this thing about in your session, high tracking module, phishing attack we have done website placement. We, that's the changing visual appearance. SQL injection will gonna study about this module in detail. This is cross site drifting. So suppose there is a car selling website. What there are some people who want to sell their cars. And there are some people who want to buy some of the cars as well. What attacker will do? He'll put some photo, photo, photo, photo. Of the car and in the description. Instead of describing the car, help put some code, JavaScript code, or some script code. And he'll publish his ad. So some user. What he does, he visit the website for user. What he'll see in his website. What he'll see in his webpage. He'll see car photo and he'll see some button. He'll put ads like you can get this expensive car and this, this is the case and all those things. I have that if they use as soon as the user clicks the clicks, clicks this button. The session ID and all the details of this user will be transferred to the attacker. Attacker's system. So that's the basic example of cross site script. Cross site script attack will be done. So I'm also misconfiguration based. If you are not configured, the role is that will also lead to the web server. So these are the types of attacks we can do to a web server. All these things are similar to system hacking only. What attacker will do. He'll have a conversation with you becoming your friend and he'll try to guess. Get all the personal details of you. If you're able to. Get your birthday, your native place. All those things your anniversary date and all those things. He can able to guess the password. So that's the. Idea about guessing passwords. Dishnery attacks. This is the example of. Dishnery attack. All these are the word lists which are saved. If the person has given. Any if the person have said this password. In any of these categories. We can easily able to crack. So that's the. Not only dish. Dishnery attack means not only cracking dish. Passwords. The words which are present in this. These are also included in the dish. Mixing all these types of attack. Hybrid attack was similar to Dishnery attack. But it adds numbers or symbols to the password. Attempts basically this one guessing only. Suppose like prefixing your. Gessing some password and prefixing your birthday. Or birthday or something like that to before the password or after the password. All these things are come center hybrid. Brute for attack. We use pre computed hashes all the some of the. When you need to download. Some 300 GB 500 GB of data pre computed hashes in order to. Use brute for attack and get the password. You have. Use this site. In your reconnaissance or put printing module. Like information gathering what we are did in reconnaissance and. Put printing that same same thing only. Information gathering in involves collecting information about the target company not only through websites not only. Also including newspapers bulletin bulletin boats and from everywhere. Where you can get all the details you can. Gather all the information about that particular company. Attacers who use who is trace root. Active who is all these tools attackers use to get. All the details about of that particular company for example with the help of who is. We can able to get all the details such as domain name IP address autonomous system all these things we can. We can able to get. About that particular target company. Gather valuable system information such as account details so yes. Other software version server names database schemes. How if that is e commerce website or some database related website we can identify the schema database schema as well. And there is another tool called tell net. Same same same thing only. And also some of these tools you should know down. ID serve HTTP record netcraft. All these tools will be used to gather information. Copying this website through this copier or mirroring this website. Because we can go through the codes on HTML files and all the coding files whatever are there. And we can figure out some of the details like how their website has been structured. Is there any vulnerabilities or not? Is there any loopholes in the website or not? We can identify all those things even if there is a if it it consists of database we can. Get idea of how the database has been structured. So all these things we can get from the code. To identify weakness in a network and determine if the system can be exported we can check with this tool whether you can exploit the web server or not. Nases there are some of these tools you can know no down HP web inspect Nases Paras proxy and all these things you can know no down these tools as well. To find host services vulnerability sniff the network traffic. Now those test the web server infrastructure for any misconfiguration outdated content. If there is we can use these tools to find out if there is any misconfiguration or outdated content. This is this is include some of the things like manning the middle attack. Cross site scripting all those things will come under this only. Sniff valid session IDs to gain unauthorized access to the web server and snoop the data session fixation session site checking cross site scripting all these come center session hijacking to capture valid session IDs cookies all those things we can able to capture from the victim or the target. So Brutus you need to download. T.H. say hi to I think these are cally and cally tools. Brutus is the windows one. Can download from source force. Oh I guess. We can identify the server from this ID server. Can try out any of the website.