 So today let's focus on wireless hacking tools. So here these are the very important wireless attacking tools. So as we studied under you know hacking methodology, I took a crack if an NG. So it's a cracking program. I said to you see it's considered top detector packets. Nipo and WPA WPA to crackers. So these are very important cracking program actually. Okay, so this is very important one. And we also have you can even analyze that you know. So in two perspective, we need to think hackers. If they want to hack Wi-Fi, they definitely use as attacking tool. So if we want to even analyze, if you want to do a pen testing, basic pen testing, definitely if you want to perform a security assessment, professionals also they use. Okay, so it runs in both Linux as well as in Windows. So these are all the methodologies as we already discussed. A crack if an NG and a remote if an NG. So these two. So if you want to capture that handshake, we are going to use the air base if an NG. And if you want to decrypt that wireless headers Wi-Fi from Wi-Fi packets, you're going to go with LD cap. So completely we are decrypting the cap file right for that. So we also have if you want to create a virtual tunnel, we're going to use this 8 on iPhone NG. So this is very much important air mode, iPhone NG where you can easily enable your, you know, wireless interface into monitor mode. These are all the wireless attacking methodology. So the main tools of wireless attacking tools are this air magnet Wi-Fi analyzer pro as you can see the screenshot of it. And we also have eight or cap Wi-Fi feature, Reboot, Alcom wireless security order is one of the best wireless attacking tool over here. Even ethical hackers and penetration testers for their security assessments. They are using the tools and these are, these tools are, you know, they're practicing in real time. So that's the end of that. So we're attacking tool and let's focus on security tools also here. We have one of the best Cisco adaptive wireless IPS. Well, you know, it completely provides a networked threat detection. And even we can have you know, completely stock malicious attacks. So for mitigation purpose also. So we use this in all the check our loop holes in our Wi-Fi part. We can check. So you can use this can see the list here. And it Wi-Fi analyzer pro RF protect air magnet planner. So many wireless security tools. And when it comes to counter measures, always we need to remember that we need to place our wireless APS in a secure location. We need to disable the network when it's not required. Always choose WPA2 and WPA3 because that carries a very good, you know, encryption methodology. So always WPA2, it goes for AES algorithm. So one of the best algorithm it has been dealing with. So always try to implement that. Always try to place a firewall or packet filter between the APN corporate, you know, corporate intranet that is an inside network. Okay. So try to disable SSID broadcast and VSS ID part, you know, so just change the default settings of SSID. So this all the respective counter measures when it is, you know, carry out, not to mitigate the Wi-Fi hacking attacks here. Okay. This is the end of Wi-Fi hacking tools, counter measures and wireless security tools. Thank you so much.