 Let's study animation concepts now. So it's introduction to animation concepts. So first let us understand what is animation and everything. And then let us further go with subtopics. So here we have animation. So let me take an example here. Let's see we have an attacker. And this is a target server. So as we know the first step of any attack he tries to gather information that is the first phase, foot printing and recurrences. Second phase we have a scanning networks. So animation is not the third phase here. So animation is the subset of scanning. It's the subset phase of scanning or subset of scanning phase. So here what happens under the animation attacker he tries to create active connections towards target. So he creates active connections with the target system performing. So the target server is the first phase here. So he performs direct queries to identify points here. Points for a system attack and even to perform password attacks. So he uses extracted information here. Whatever the information has been extracted he uses that to identify points for a system attack as well as in order to perform password attacks. So here our foot printing and recurrences both are conducted foot printing recurrences as well as even scanning. So these phases are conducted in internet zone. But always we need to remember, enumeration phase. Enumeration has to be conducted in internet zone. So here attacker will be inside the network. So he will be inside the network and he will try to create active connections towards the target and he will perform almost all the direct queries. And finally identify the system attacking points to perform system attacks and password attacks. So it's been conducted in internet zone. So this is the overview of enumeration. So let's study what are the techniques here. Yes, as we can go with the slides, we can just see it's a phase. Yeah, it's a phase three of penetration testing where the subset of scanning phase. So here attacker creates active connections towards the target, in order to gain more information. So they also identify system attacking points in order to perform password attacks here. So we can have an enumeration classification here. We have NetBio's SNMP, LDAP, NTP, SMTP, DNS. So many NetBio's. There are so many classification can be seen. So finally we came for techniques for enumeration. Let's study this. Yes. So when we come for techniques. So under techniques, first thing is we can extract not only user names, so many things using email IDs. This is the first technique. So extracting user name, email IDs in the sense, we'll be using intelligence tools. Email footprinting tools can be used here. So email footprinting tools, we have one of the best read-notify. It's not only giving the user name details. It gives a proxy, mathematical location of a victim. The MS document which been used, their proxy IP, their recipient IP. If they're using any proxy server or not. So at what time they open the mail, on which day they open their location. So whether that message has been forwarded to other email or not complete details, we can extract. So for enumeration, the first technique, so he tries to extract user name as well as so many things using email footprinting tool. This is the first technique here. So second, we have as brute force active directory. We have as brute force active directory technique. Here we know that what is active directory. So active directory is nothing but you're useful. All your system passwords information, system passwords, user name, everything will be stored here in ED. It may be your system, user name password, it may be your application user name and password. Everything will be safely secured in this database in the active directory. So then what is brute force here? So brute force is nothing but here attacker, he tries to gain access to the respective system by repeatedly logging in. So he repeatedly logging in with the variety of passwords until he guesses the right one. So this is the brute force attack, even brute force active directory is also one of the second technique for enumeration here. So let's go with the third technique. Yes, he tries to extract information using default passwords using default passwords. So we have cairt.net passwords. Also where he can extract default passwords for any kind of network devices, we also have source called defpass.com. So here also we can, you know, for especially IoT devices, we can find the default passwords for them. So fourth technique that is extracting user groups from Windows. So here we use one of the best Windows utility command that is NVT start. So here NVT start can be used which comes on a network, bio-eumeration technique. We can use NVT start if and yet in order to calculate the user groups from Windows, okay, if we want to fetch the remote machine information, we can go with A and the IP, okay. So we'll be grabbing all the information of remote machines here. So this is one of the technique to extract user and group information from Windows here. So he also tries to extract information using DNS zone transfer attack. So we have a DNS zone transfer attack also. This technique here, this DNS zone transfer attack, it's nothing but you know the process of copying the contents of the zone file on a primary DNS server to secondary DNS server. Let's say this is primary DNS server and let's say this is secondary DNS server, okay. So whatever is that, the zone file, it's nothing but DNS database. So the process here is copying the content from, you know, primary to secondary DNS server, okay. So this is one of the best techniques where in the network, he'll try to first use the secondary server and he'll take a control on that completely and after that he'll try to retrieve complete information from primary server to secondary server. Let's say the techniques here in the slides. Yeah, so these are the techniques of enumeration, brute force active directory, extracting through you, you know, using S&MP. Yeah, here S&MP is a simple network management protocol. It is the internet standard protocol for collecting and organizing information about managed devices or land. So yes, even SNMP, we used to use because it completely helps us by collecting all the information of the network over here. So it is the one which even helps us about unauthorized logging and trap messages of the network. So he even extracts so many information using S&MP here. As you can see, these are the popular ports to enumerate. So we have so many ports to enumerate the things here. And yes, this is the end of enumeration concepts. Thank you.