 Then let's move to manage service providers. See, we know everything about Cloud service provider. Similar to these Cloud service providers, we have some of these people called manage service providers. What they will do, suppose you are running a business or a company. All these things will be similar to whatever if you want to have access to some server, you want to have some hardware equipment, all you want to access some of these services, even online services also. All these things will be taken care by these MSPs. How the attack is pretty much simple. What this attacker will do? He'll use spear fishing emails. What we can able to do, we use spear fishing attack and will send some fishing emails to that particular person. As soon as he enters, that you open that link and put on his credentials, we can able to grasp that particular credentials and the help of those credentials, we can able to access all these files, whatever that has been stored in this MSP. Whether it will be a database, data storage, whether they are getting the storage or server facility or any email facility from these MSPs, all those things could be able to, this attacker can able to steal or can able to access. So this attack we call as Cloud Hopper attack. I hope it's clear, then let's move to crypto jacking. Suppose this is you and you want to send some money to your friend. Right. What will you do? You'll use Google Pay or phone pay and you'll send some money. The money will be debited from your account and it will be credited to your friend. Friends are contrite. Here in order for this transaction to happen, there could be some central authority. What is that central authority? That is the bank. Bank will have access and they can able to see all the things that happened in this transaction. This transaction happened through them. So now when comes to digital currency, we have some technology called blockchain technology. See, in blockchain technology, there could, there are different that is like peer to peer kind of technology. There are different blocks will be there in the form of a chain. So that's the name blockchain. So what happens? Suppose one transaction will happen. You are sending a Bitcoin or a digital cryptocurrency to some other person. So as soon as the transaction of the digital currency happens, it will be processed not with the digital currency. Processed not with one single authority. It will be processed in all these blocks, different whatever, how many blocks are there. It will be processed with all these blocks. And why we have, why this technology blockchain technology is considered as secure? See, if one, this was processed through one system or one block. This person, what he can do, he can manipulate this transaction. And he can able to say, see, I didn't got any amount or whatever he can do. He can manipulate this. Since it has been processed through different kinds of blocks, no one can able to manipulate or modify the transaction. So that's why this blockchain technology is considered as secure. See, there is something called crypto mining. So in crypto mining, what happens? Bitcoin will be generated. How it is generated? In order to generate a Bitcoin, you need to solve a particular hash of this particular block of the blockchain. Who successfully able to figure out the cash value or hash key of that particular block, Bitcoin will be generated. And it will be one, one the person who successfully execute this hash value or get this hash value will be rewarded. That guy will be rewarded. So in order to do that, what you need to do, you need to have a host machine, you need to have a GPU and you need to run some script or code. And you need to leave that code for like 24 hours every day for some of some days. And it will the app will keep on running. So some of these miners, what will they do? They'll create some of these things, some of this environment called mining farm. In this mining farm, what will they do? They put on so many racks. And in each of these racks, they'll put on so many graphics cards or GPUs. And with the help of these so many GPUs, they'll run these scripts or apps with the help of this process, this much of processing power. They'll run these apps 24 hours for so many days. If they able to get any of these successfully predicted or get the hash value of any of these block, block they'll be rewarded with a Bitcoin or a, a Bitcoin will be generated. And it will be rewarded to that person. So I hope you got the idea of how all these things works. See, if you don't have all these resources, you can able to run this code or script with the help of cloud service also. But you need to pay some of the amount for those virtual machine, virtual OS and all those things on run running that 24 hours. Or so how many hours you'll utilize that you need to pay some amount and you can able to utilize those things through cloud service as well. But in crypto mining, what happens? You will do all those these things with so much of effort and you'll try to mind some of these cryptocurrency. What this attacker will do? He can able to. He can able to steal. Get access to your cloud by sending some installing some malware in your post machine or some other means what he'll do. He can able to get access to your cloud and he can able to. Get those cryptocurrency, which you have mind or you have generated. So this attack we can call us crypto jacking. Cloud crypto jacking. Then we have some of the countermeasures here. Of course, you need to ensure there is strong key generation for encryption or if your data and all these things. Strong authentication and authorization. I hope to have explained you what authorization is. Authentication is. Then use proper credential share sorry, prohibit the credential sharing because if any of these hackers get access to your credentials, can able to access all the data that is present in your cloud account. So audits. See these are for vendors. So all these vendors who are providing us cloud computing services. They should register the reggae undergo these audits so that they can able to find out whether they have any flaws in their computing services or not. There is something called SLA's that is service level agreements. These are nothing but it will be agreement will be signed between a particular company or organization with these vendors. These cloud service providers and they have some of these things that you need to provide us. These kind of services. For this much of duration and all those things. And if there are some breach of contract or agreement will be there, there will be a remediation or some consequences will be there. So all those things will be written in this particular SLA that is service level agreements. So apart from that, of course, we need to have data protection and we can need to keep backup of all data. If you're in case of data loss. So these are some of the counter measures we can able to implement.