 Let's say he told you. As I told you, what happens this? He is a user too. He is both communicating through internet. I have already told you there will be a existing. They both are communicating. There will be a packet transmission. There will be a data transmission. There will be a packet transmission in this way. A attacker, what he tries to do, is to capture this packet. What is the packet guy? Where your information has been encapsulated. It is inside. Your information has been encapsulated with this packet. This capturing process, we call it as what sniffing. It can even call it as man in the middle of the data. Clear. The information is getting misused. He can capture the packet further. He can decode the information. It is getting misused. Being an ethical hacker in an organization, in order to prevent this, we need to monitor the packet flow. There information has been encrypted or not. Whether it is safe or not. If my firm is transferring, let's say I am user one and Shashrath is user two. Shashrath if I am encrypting my message and I am transferring to you. What happens there? Encrypted means if he is capturing the packets also, he has to know about the decrypting techniques. In order to decrypt the data and decode information. So always the message has to be encrypted. If you want to prevent web server attacks, web application attacks, any, you know, most, almost a bigger attack, larger attacks, which happens in your company. Always try to remember, we need to install ideas, intrational detection system, IPS, web application, firewalls and also whatever the communication we do. It has to be with the proper encryption. The encryption algorithm also, it should be AES, you know, a standard one. AES is the very standard advanced encryption standard. It's a cryptographic, symmetric standard algorithm where even you know what's up you can see. Yes, enter end encryption for the, yeah, you saw that message right? So what is happening here? He can do sniffing. Sniffing is nothing but capturing the packets. Okay, this capturing process is called sniffing. If both the users are communicating, he'll check the monitor flow. He'll check, he'll monitor the packet flow and then he tries to capture this. Clear. So what? After capturing a packet, he'll try to decode this information, which has been encapsulated here. Clear. Yeah. So the best tool, sniffing tool, we have a version. Very can easily monitor. We have steel central packet analyzer also. Okay, so many tools are there. We'll discuss both security tools as well as attacking goods in this way also. Clear. Yeah. So always being a ethical hacker and penetration tester, our duty is to use intelligence tools, techniques to monitor them, whether our information is getting misused or not, we need to check. Okay, if our data if you are transferring in the open source, definitely there will be attack, right? There will be a risk. So we need to maintain both authorization as well as the authentication. Only that data should be available between whom authorize users? Getting it guys, yeah, if packet is encrypted there, no, worth it's not, it's nothing that it'll be capturing also what he'll be doing, right? If it's properly encrypted, yeah. So got in getting a overview of slip.