 Hi everyone, so let's discuss a last topic of module 3 scanning tools. So yes, one of the best is scanner we have and grape scanner as well as you know solar once in junior tools gets things with. So even you can use advanced IP scanner just by you know, just by including the IP ranges. You need to give the IP ranges there and we will be fetching about the outputs like whether the host is alive, whether the host is dead, being alive if host is you know not responding to your application, you can check their mac addresses, we can fetch their host names everything here, one of the best tools. We also check this netcraft, it comes under recurrences tool, even it is one of the best scanning tool here. It completely fetched the complete site report of Inido mine, a very best tool where it has a special quality of res grading as well as the virus total. Even as you can see in this slide, we even we have performed OS detection. So passive banner is grabbing technique here. So yes, as I told you and map one of the best tools where we can find you know the services, what are all the things, what are all the services running in the network. We can check the OS versions, all the live host, live missions, the open boards, each and everything. So many in maps scripts are there which we can fetch our library result here. So this is the scanning types where I have already showed you what to use here and this is one of the good tool under Cali where ethical hackers if they want to perform security assessment, if they want to test a firewalls, if they want to even check OS part, they used to go with this Hp3, even under this Hp3, we used to conduct a DOS attack. So one of these scanners, yes, this is also one of the type of scanning where I told you that at hacker even checks for loophole and floss, yeah, we have so many good one of these scanners, this is open was nicto, here, yes, a proxy server, it's nothing but a barrier or intermediary between a trusted and you know, untrusted zone or between an attacker and target here, okay. So as I told you using proxy servers or using proxy methods, he can sometimes await firewalls and tries to bypass firewalls in a network. So proxy servers we used to use, especially this zone of the best tool, if he wants to surf anonymously, he goes with this tool, he completely hides his IP and location here, switching into another server within seconds. So this is the screenshot of an app scanner, we have an XCAN tool pro also where we can check with all internal DNS part of ping, okay, and whatever the host to discovery service, discovery party, and everything can be fetched here. So this is the end of this canning tools, thank you so much. And also this is the end of our topic, where yes, this is the last topic, which we have been already discussed, let me revise it, OS finger printing, banner dropping method can be enhanced using analyzing TTL and Windows high speeds. This end your