 Hi everyone, so here in this system hacking part let us study how system hacking happens using a bootable drive. So we know that system hacking using this bootable drive it refers to the technique of gaining unauthorized access. So here he tries to use this technique in order to hack your system who is a attacker. Attackers first he will be ready with the bootable drive. So how to create a bootable drive? So we have a roofer software using this roofer software. He will try to first you know bootable drive you as we drive flash drive. Same thing you can say from an external drive. So it will be containing a specialized software where it is designed by past security measures and exploit one of these in the target system. So main thing is a bootable drive is nothing but storage device containing an OS software that can be booted and run directly from the device without acquiring installation on computer's internal hard drive. So this is the one which allows user to perform this task like system recovery software installation, system maintenance without accessing computer's primary OS. So overall this bootable drives they are commonly used for even troubleshooting data recovery system maintenance purposes so many things. But here attacker his perspective is different. He used this bootable drive you know he will create it with the help of roofer software and he used this in order to completely hack the system. How he tries to hack it? So however we load OS same way he will try to use this and then he will just try to play with the utility manager file. He will try to replace utlman file into CMD. So in further models we will come to know how it has been done but here just you know very not so briefly but I just try to explain the steps. Firstly he will be ready with his bootable drive. We he will shut down and restart the laptop here. Once he is restarting the laptop he will try to click on some function keys. Let's say in Dell if you if I want to go to bio settings I will use this function key. So in this way after that he will select under that boot mode. Yeah there will be bio settings. There will be bio small or boot mode under this he will try to we need to select the option of our bootable drive. It may be as a USB storage device or it may be your pen drive. Once you select that we need to click on that option. Yeah. Once you have that select your OS then we need to repair our computer. There will be option called repair our computer. We need to just repair it. And then get into the command prompt. Once you repair that will be a troubleshoot options. Get into the command prompt and here we try to insert two commands where we replace. We take a backup of noodle man. Utilman.exe. This is the utility manager. Windows utility command where we can you know it's even you can say as ease of access. So this will take a backup. Okay. Rename noodle man into some name. We'll take a backup of this and for this you will not further you will try to copy a command prompt file. Okay. So that under command prompt using net user and net user and your admin name space star. This is the command where we can easily set up our password there. Okay. So he tries to do this. Let me just show you a screen here. So that you understand that. Yes. So under system hacking he tries to you know gain unauthorized access here. Okay. Exporting well of this even concealing their active desktop what did action here. So here what happens is if being an ethical occur we need to take a permission from organization as well as the system owner if you want to further proceed. Okay. So the main thing is if you want to help if you want to unlock the system please go with the permission of concern authorities being an ethical hacker. It's easily illegal if you are unlocking somebody's you know system using this method. Okay. So this is what the end of system hacking here. So let's focus on malware. Okay. So next section we have as a malware if you want let's go through on. So when I consider malware malware is nothing but a malicious software. Okay. So main thing the malware here it's aim to harm your specific computer here. Okay. So malware is nothing but malicious software here. Okay. So they are the ones who whose aim is completely malicious software. Aim we can say it's to harm your specific computer. Okay. So they can harm our computer system so they can steal data they can steal our passwords. Okay. And they even they can delete the data and the passwords. Okay. So anything they can manipulate overall malware any software which is intentionally designed. Okay. Intentionally designed in order to cause damage to a computer or to a server or to a whole computer network it may be. Okay. So here we have so many examples of malware we have virus we have worms, trojan horses and the spider, rants and there. Add waste so many examples of malware can be found here. And then when it comes to a malicious software so it comes completely from downloading third party applications so we should be aware of that. And even it comes from spamming else and here it also comes from fake websites. So further in this module you will try to understand what is virus okay. Who is the father of malware he is a fedrickby cohen you will try to understand you know each in deep about virus, worms, spiders, rants and waste. So virus as we know even it's a software out program which infect our computer files right. So yeah in humans we have a living virus but in computers we have a bad malicious programs which is nothing but non-living virus which completely harms our files and infect our software programs right. So yes so we will be understanding what is virus, what is worm yeah worm is also malware but worm which have a special quality it replicates itself okay. So it's a self replicating one and we have a progences it's a fake software okay which comes up in your PCs it's designed as a legitimate program but it will be a fake software application okay which comes up as an add there and if you are installing that you know your progences even the malware going to spread in your PC that. Let us focus on this here you know with the slides yes as I told you malware a short form of a malicious software so we have so many examples of this malware like virus, piware, worms, fraudulent root kits okay. So as you can see symptoms yeah sometimes we feel as a freezing, crashing, or that okay even a strange computer behavior is one of the symptom. So different types of malware as I told you here yeah so many categories so under this worms and botnets, zombie machines they are independent okay so what worms use to throw. So there is no involvement as needed, there is no involvement of humans needed under worms so it's a self replicating one okay so you can just study different types of worms and as I told you a progences very harmful malicious code right so it will be inside the program and okay so later it infects so yes progences and even you can see why the history the name has come so we will be discussing both history as well as the definitions their types everything here okay so yes we will be going with the while no differences also and especially we also try to discuss about the root kit one of the very dangerous malware okay so both it's going to infect your hardware part as well as the software part even the OS part okay so this is one of the dangerous root kit we will be discussing about botnets everything here okay and even we will be discussing in this module about anti-malware part also okay so difference between anti-writers, anti-malware and which are the very best malware removal software so here we have especially for iOS devices this not in securities one of the best malware I know anti-malware tool so we have so many here anti-malware softwares so yes this is the end of malware introduction thank you guys