 What is session hijacking the outlines here? Yes, when it comes to difference between spoofing and hijacking, hijacking attacker is taking over an existing session. But spoofing attacker pretends to be another user and then further he tries to gain access. So here you can say what is session hijacking. So attacker overall control. It takes a control of user's browsing session there. Okay, in order to gain access to over personal information, passwords, everything there. Okay, so we got to know this difference between spoofing and session. Yeah, very important active and passive. Whatever I explained now the application level path. Yeah, so he is sitting somewhere at remote place. He is now, you know, with the help of malicious JavaScript, he's trying to conduct that attack. So he's not actively involved in it's a passive session hijacking. When it comes to a network, he himself will actively involve and he'll try to do it. It's an active snubbing. Yeah, so we have two levels also network level application level, which I explained now. Yeah, he tries to gain control on my HTTP user session. It's application level further will go with the network level and we'll try to see what happens here. The let's go with the network level. I'll launch my one note network level session hijacking. Okay, so when it comes to network level session hijacking, we need to remember, okay, the process here how it happens. So we have a user one. We have a user to let's say they both are communicating through internet. If they both are communicating through internet, that means we can have a proper packet transmission and a data transmission. That means overall between them, there is a proper TCP existing session can be seen. Okay, so here what happens attacker in the middle. First thing is if this is the attacker, okay, the step one I would like to tell you is he tries to sniff the network first. He may use techniques, he may use tools, he may use his methodology, but he'll try to sniff the network. He'll try to understand who is standard who is receiver, how the communication is happening between these two. First, he'll try to observe the message flow. He'll try to monitor the packet flow. First he'll try to sniff the network, he'll monitor the packet flow. Packet flow between two users in the step two, okay. In the step three, he'll try to kill the connection. He'll kill the connection, okay, and then he'll take over this session. He will become the user too and he'll start communicating with, he'll become the user one, sorry, and start communicating with user too, okay. So he'll start injecting spoof packets to user too and he'll try to recover all the details of this company from user. This is network level, okay. So we have a two levels application level which I told you. He will be somewhere at the remote place just with the help of malicious JavaScript C Hatch. But in network level, he is actively involving guys here. He's sniffing, he's monitoring the packet flow. How could that he'll analyze who is user one, who is user two, and he'll analyze the packets and then for the real job. He'll first kill the connection here, he becomes the fake user, and then he'll be by injecting spoof packets, he'll recover all the details. User two things that he's a user one and you know, starts communicating with him. So he'll try to recover all the details and this is one of the network level type of session hijacking. Here, yes. So as we can see here, again, the slide. So here we have so many types of network level hijacking blind, mind the middle attack, UDP hijacking, okay. So main thing is he is focusing on the sensitive information, critical information here. So I have shown you here how TCP, IP hijacking happens, IP spoofing with the diagram, blind hijacking. Here, he can just send the data but he'll be having no access to see the response. He just tries to kill the connection and send the command and try to intercept the communication. But further, he'll be not access to have any response. This is the blind hijacking. Just as a hobby or as a bad hobby, he just try to intercept and disturb the users here. Okay. So it's a man in the middle attack and UDP hijacking. So in the UDP hijacking, instead of TCP, he'll try to check with UDP packets. Okay. So yes, again, application level session hijacking. I'll just try to remember, he'll try to control on your HTTP user session. Okay. And in here, application level session hijacking, please try to remember about process script and line. Very important. He will use a malicious force, especially malicious javascripts. And he'll try to insert in a web page of your web application or website. And use influencing this process script attack. He'll be successfully maintaining the session hijacking. Okay. This is all the session hijacking. So this is the end of application level as well as session hijacking.