 Let's start with the public key infrastructure. I hope you are familiar with the SSL and TLS secure socket layer and transport layer security. We'll use these two for data encryption. Similarly, there is PKI that is public key infrastructure. This public key infrastructure is a security architecture. Why we use this security architecture to increase the confidentiality between the information that we got on exchange? That information that we have exchanged through internet. You will exchange so many information. You will send some data to some other person deciding in other region. You want to maintain confidentiality or for that information. How you can do that? You can do that with some security architecture. That is public key infrastructure. There are so many entities that are present in this public key infrastructure. Of course, there is software hardware. People, policies are also involved. What are these things that are? What all these entities will do? That will help us to create, manage. Also, to distribute something called digital certificates. How they do that? What are these entities? We will go on a lower note. PKI is a set of hardware software, people, policies, procedures, create, to create, manage, distribute, use, store, and rework these digital certificates. There are so many entities here. What are these components? Certificate management system will be there. What is the job of these people? They will generate, distribute, store, and verify these certificates. What are these certificates? Establishes credentials of a person when doing online transactions. Whenever you do some online transaction, this digital certificate will give you an proper identity that you are a legitimate user, that you are a legitimate person. There is something called certificate authority. There is end user, that is you, people who will use these certificates, end user. There are two other authorities as well. Certificate authority will issue and verify these certificates. There is a registration authority who will verify this certificate authority. Let's see how things will work. See, this is the end user you, what you will do. You will apply for certificate. Where you will send the application, you will send that application to registration authority. What these registration authority will do? After verification of application, they will request this certification authority to issue this public key certificate. After getting this certificate, you can do any kind of online transaction and any kind of transaction with any business, company or anything. If you send this digital certificate or any transaction to any shop or any business, what these people can do? After receiving your digital certification, they can verify with this validation authority. As soon as the CA issue you, this digital certificate will update that information with validation authority. This shop or any company or organization, they can verify whether your digital certificate is valid or not with validation authority. Whenever you do some transaction or some agreement with some person or company, what will you sign for agreement? You will do a physical signature right? Similarly, here what we are doing? Okay, that comes up in the digital signature part. Here what we are doing? We are attaching some digital certificate along that particular message or document. With proper encryption method by using some public key along with the digital certificate. I hope this will verify whether this document has been signed by you and it is valid. This is similarly what this PKI will give, it will give encryption and validity for your document. So, after digital certificate, we have same concept as digital signature only. Let me explain you with what digital signature is with a typical and most popular example. Consider if you have, I hope you have heard about Adharkad. Whenever you download your Adharkad from UIDA website, UIDA website, what happens? Of course, it will be password protected. It will be in PDF format. And it will be in PDF format. After you download that Adharkad digital or E Adharkad, we said digital version of your Adharkad, what we will look? You will download that in PDF format, you will enter your password. And as soon as you open that PDF in a dog, what happens? A green tick will appear. This is the typical exam or right-green tick will appear. This is the nothing but this digital signature only. What this digital signature represent? This digital signature represent that this E Adharkad that you have downloaded, it is not from any third party or fake source. It is from this government department only. It is valid and it is from official source only. So from this digital signature, you can verify. Anyone can verify that this Adharkad has been issued by this official department of government. It has been issued from this third party or from any fake website or some fake one. See, in digital signature, before going to digital signature, you should understand one thing about PKI. In PKI, suppose you want to send some email to your friend. Suppose this is John and John, what he want to do? He want to send some email to this person, Alice. So what John can do? John can get the copy of public key, Alice's public key, copy of Alice's public key and he can encrypt that email with Alice's public key. And after in the description process, what he will do? He will send that email to Alice. What Alice can do? Since it has encrypted with Alice's public key, she will decrypt with her private key. So this is the typical example of asymmetric cryptography. And also this is how public key infrastructure works. But here in digital signature process, things are a little bit different. Here, sender, what he will do? Sender will sign this document with his or her private key and it will be decrypted with this sender's public key. A little bit different thing will happen. No need to get confused. Copy of this after the signing of this document will be done through this person sender's private key. A copy of a public key will be sent to this receiver. And he will decrypt this with the copy of sender's public key. This will complete opposite thing of pk i or asymmetric will happen in digital signature. Let me explain you through that particular picture. See here, this is the confidential information. What's happening here? This value will be attached to this confidential information. In order to know whether this data is in its original form or it has been modified, we can able to compare that with the hash value. After receiving this particular document, we can compare the hash value with the along with the document, whether it has been modified somewhere along the transmission or not. That's the only reason why we are attaching this hash value. That's the whole concept of digital signature. Here, what I explained you, what's happening here? Sender will sign with his private key. Which will be what receiver will do. He will use his sender's public key to decrypt that hash value. Remember, whatever the thing may be, don't confuse about public and private. In asymmetric, remember, one key will be used for encryption and other key will be used for decryption. Either it will be public or private, you can think about that later. After that, we are using one time symmetric key as well. After that one time secret key, there is one more typical asymmetric thing we will use. Will use recipients public key. Where is that? The recipients public key here, Alice is public key. Typical asymmetric will be done and it will be decrypted with this receiver's private key. Three process will occur. One, the hash value will be attached to this original information. Sender will use his own private key to encrypt that hash code. It will be decrypted with this sender's public key. At last, he can verify the hash value. Whether this data is in its original form or it has been modified or tampered of anything.