 So, okay, apart from that we have some of the countermeasures in order to defend the evasion. See, the see the irony of this concept here in this module we are studying how to evade the firewalls and ideas. And also along with that we are studying the countermeasure to defend against that evasion. See, both of these things you need to study. Basically, you need to think in both ways in the terms of hackers perspective and also in terms of security, ethical hacker as a security personal as well. So, what are the things that we can able to defend this idea's evasion that these people, other hackers are evading about ideas and firewalls. How we can stop them by following these things. What are these things? Where susha downs of the ports switch ports. So, if we shut down these ports so that they can't happen to use those ports to send the data traffic or data packets, perform in-depth analysis of ambiguous network traffic. And also, if you see this point it has stored the attack information for future analysis. Why we have to store this attack information for future analysis? Because, see, I explained you about this particular signature, right? If we store this particular attack information whenever some other attacker or same attacker conducts a attack in later, our ideas or firewalls will be able to detect that particular attack because it has already recorded that particular signature in its database or in its memory. So, that's the reason why we need to store all these attack information that are going on for our future analysis. And of course, update the anti-virus signature regularly. Whatever the anti-virus that we have installed in our host machine, we need to update that the updated signature regularly. Why? Because if you don't update this signature, what will happen? All these new malware I was talking about new virus that are there present, that can't be that get undetected. If you update all these signatures in your anti-virus regularly, it will even detect the newly available malware that is there in the market. So, you need to update that as well. Harden the security of all communication. What is hardening the security? Basically, to instead of putting all these default or password and default accounts, detail we should put our own, if we should set a complex password, we should have a proper security policy. That is, you should change your passwords for like one month or two month frequently. And also, of course, you can increase the complexity of your password. Then you can also set the account lockout feature. What is this account lockout feature? Suppose some attacker is trying to get into your router or network device. What you can set, if we fail to login in three attempts, you can lock out that particular login feature. So, no can another attacker can't able to use the login page for like 24 hours, lock for two days or something like that. So, we can able to harden our security and use a traffic normalizer to remove any potential ambiguity. From packet stream, there is something called traffic normalizer. This is also a tool. We can use this tool to remove any of the potential thing that is present in our packets, certain data packets. So, apart from that, I hope I have covered all these things. And of course, to deploy the ideas after thorough analysis of network topology. We need to understand our network to how where are the internal network host machines are present. What are the various external firewalls present? We need to figure out all those things. Then we can deploy our ideas, just deploying the ideas just like that anywhere in the internal network or in somewhere between the firewalls. So, that won't give you the proper result. So, these are some of the things we can use. We can follow in order to defend against these evasion techniques.