 I have one today. Let us know what is privilege escalation. So guys, it is a technique. Okay. We are a cyber attacker. He compromises a system in order to gain unauthorized access. So the malicious activity can occur through various attack vectors such as he can steal credentials, misconfiguration, malware, he can insert and check, he can even conduct social engineering at that. So overall, privilege escalation under cyber security. It is nothing but you can say a network attack. Okay. Which completely aims to gain unauthorized higher level access. Okay. That too within a security system. Within a security system. So it typically starts with attackers by exploiting well-known piece. Okay. So first they exploit well-known piece and they start to access system with the limited privileges here. So the main impact of this privilege escalation attack here is, you know, this tactics helps the attacker to destroy the data. If they want to steal the data they can. Okay. And they can even gain access to additional systems or files. Or you know, they can even create a back door. Okay. So for future attacks here using this. So even the privilege escalation overall. Now it is a technique where malicious actors or attackers, they use this to gain elevated privileges on a system or it may be under the network. Okay. So it is typically done by exporting well-known piece and misconfigulations, you know, bugs or if any weak security controls if we have, definitely there will be a risk of this. So further we have two types, horizontal and vertical. So we will be understanding in detail is just a intro part. So yeah, this is one of the very important factor where we represent, you know, incidents, you know, regarding a significant cyber security risk here because if somebody is gaining another has access to our privilege account and, you know, they used to steal our sensitive information and destroying our confidentiality. The series are very dangerous, you know, tactic here. So these completes your privilege escalation and further the penetration tester for him seriously a very, he plays a very prominent role in reporting these things. Okay. So we'll be conducting three phases, pre-attack phase, attack phase, post-attack phase and we need to, you know, further focus on responsible reporting on this. Okay. So this ends your privilege escalation and reporting, responsible reporting part. Thank you.