 Hello everyone, so let's try to check for printing tools here, our canances tools. Yes, as I told you already, Trace root analysis, always attacker tries to start information about network topology or all he tries to enhance this analysis to completely fetch information on their network mapping. So, this is the trace root analysis, we also use a path analyzer tool here. So, trace root analysis can be done with the two methods, even we can use a tool window stool path analyzer pro or you can directly under command prompt. As I showed you in our video, we can even check with that result command, result iPhone 4 and the domain name. So, these are all the email tracking tools where the rebotify is the best one, polite mail, email tracker pro. So, these are all the foot printing tools, one of the best tool is martigo which is in under cally. So, we also have a dematry martigo reconigy, okay. So, I would like to show you the additional tools here, one moment. So, when it comes to our recurrences tool or foot printing tools, we have as the reconigy, one of the information best information gathering tool under cally. So, we also have dematry, demagic information gathering tool, it also comes under cally. So, we have a martigo the best information gathering tool again under cally. So, here even we can find the information which is hidden, one of the best, okay. So, under windows we have, so under windows we have netcraft, wireless tutor and smart to us as information gathering tool here, okay. So, yes, these are all the foot printing tools, as you can see here on the slide, yes, this is the end of foot printing tools. Yeah, let us focus on foot printing countermeasures also here. So, here always we need to restrict the employees to access social networking sites from the organization network. This is the one of the important countermeasure, okay. We need to configure web service here, yes, again to award information leakage. Please don't reveal your critical information in press releases or you know your annual reports or product catalogs, okay. Limit the amount of information guys, okay, that you are publishing on the website or internet and please prevent search engines from caching a web page and please use anonymous registration services, okay. Always opt for privacy services on WSLOOKUP database. Educate employees about various social engineering tricks and risk. Please prevent search engines from caching a web page also and use foot printing techniques to discover and remove any sensitive information publicly available. Also please try to check the monitoring tools. So, always we need to encrypt and password product sensitive information. We need to enhance this. Always we need to check whether we are using a strong encryption algorithm or not to save guard our sensitive data, respect to our organization here. Here it completes your foot printing, is the end of foot printing countermeasures and here we end our model to foot printing and reconnaissance. Thank you.