 So, hello everyone. In this video, let's see how we can use k-means clustering in the application of cyber security or in the with purpose, but to to security domain. So what is clustering? So first let's understand what you understand by the term clustering. So clustering is nothing but the process of grouping similar entities together. So we'll try to group similar entities or data points. So the goal of this unsupervised machine learning technique is to find similarities in the data point and group similar data points together. So that is clustering. So coming to the need of clustering, so why do we need this? So grouping similar entities together, it just helps, it just helps us to differentiate between the groups. See, the main advantage of clustering over any classification is that it is adaptable in nature. So it changes and it just helps us single out useful features and it just helps us to distinguish between groups. So, for performing clustering, we have an algorithm called as k-means. So k-means is one of the unsupervised learning technique. So, this is generally used when you have unlabeled data without the target available. So, the goal of this algorithm is pretty simple, it will just find the groups in the data which, so the number of groups which is represented by the variable k. So, here in k-means k is nothing but the number of groups. So, coming to the application of k-means in the cyber security. So, the first application is IDS. It can be used as an intrusion detection system. So, an intelligent detection system, as we all know, it's a device or a software that monitors the network for malicious activity or any violations. So, any malicious activity or violations are reported and they are controlled centrally using the security information. So, k-means cluster is really helpful here. So, what will it do as it will cluster all the data into corresponding groups before applying or before giving out any files, algorithm? And second application can be in your malware detection. So, malware detection, it is nothing but the process of detecting the presence of malware on the host system or any other system. So, malware detection techniques, it will just place a vital rule in detecting malware attack which can have a very high impact in the cyber security world. So, by just using this cluster in, you can detect malware by identifying the behavior of the malware. And then it can also be used for spam filtering. Spam content filtering, for example, if you take your email, electronic mail. So, it has become one of the essential component in our day to day life. So, the unwanted, the amount of unwanted emails are known as spam emails. So, these emails are set in bulk to large number of people. So, k-means clustering, it can be very effective for identifying spam emails. So, they'll just look into, they'll just do that by looking at the different sections of the email, header, sender, content of the email. So, the data is grouped together and it can be classified as malware or spam emails. So, now, let's see one example, how k-means can be, came in clustering and we used. So, right now we'll be using one tool called as orange. So, first let's understand the data. So, here, this is my data, this is nothing but fraud or non-fraud classification. So, depending on the distance from whom, distance from last transaction, what is the median purchase? A repeated retailer or online order, we have to cluster whether that data point or that order, that transaction is it, fraud or it's a normal one. So, I just have a couple of input columns. Now, I'll be applying this k-means here. So, after I apply k-means, if I check into the prediction, it'll give me two clusters. Cluster 1 and cluster 2. So, if I just visualize this using a scatter plot. So, if I visualize this using a scatter plot, you can see. So, these are all proper transaction, blue-collar cluster. So, we have two clusters to be specific, blue-collar cluster and red-collar. So, these are all normal transactions and these are fraudulent transactions, red-collar ones. So, let's look into the data once more. So, this is my data, which contains the columns distance from whom. So, how far was the transaction made from the home? Distance from the last transaction. What is the median value of purchase? Did it, was the transaction happened in the repeated retailer? Did he use the chip or pin number? And was it an online order? We have to find this. So, based on all these details, we have to segregate or group into two clusters. So, this is how you can identify anomalies or you can perform clustering. So, Key Means clustering is one of the popular clustering algorithm. So, it's generally applied when solving clustering tasks to get the idea of the data set. See, the simple goal of Key Means is to group the data points into non-overlapping subgroups. So, it does a very good job when the clusters have, when the two clusters are very far away. Yeah, so that's all this, that's all for this video. Thank you.