 Now let us concentrate on OSI model how it works. Can I let us send her here? OK, and we have a receiver here. Let me just consider some ABC company, which is in Mirat. And let me consider a receiver. He's in XY said, can I say Delhi? XYZ company which is in Delhi? Senders receivers are ready. Now let's see how data is going to transfer from sender to receiver according to OSI model. Right. So, what are the layers? Application, presentation. I'll write like this for a layer. OK, session, transport. Then network. NW always remember I'll be writing a network. Data link layer physical layer, which is the first layer for a sender application layer, which is the first layer for a receiver physical layer. Always remember for receiver the first layer is physical layer, physical data link and then network. What is guys? Transport session. Presentation. Application. Right. So, they both are commenting through what now? So, internet. How? This is the question. We're right. So, can I take a name here? OK. So, let's consider we have a Andy for application. I'll be taking a, this example so that you come to know how it actually, you know, the working mechanism official is. Let me say we have an employee as well. So, it's an ABC company. Right. So, in ABC company, we have this employee. Sandy or, you know, Parvaze or you can take Sam. T, Tanmay, Navin, Danish. P. Can I say Priya? Yeah. This many employees are there. Okay. So guys, here Andy is the CEO of the company. Okay. What is this application layer? Is the user interface layer? You guys know right? Whatever your Gmail application, Facebook, or applications. So, I'll be taking a name here. So, I'll be taking a name here. I'll be taking a name here. I'll be taking a name here. I'll be taking a name here. Facebook, user application layer. Right. We use this things. It's the user interface layer. Right. Whatever your DHCP, DNS, SNM, PSMTP. All these protocols will discuss. Don't worry. This all comes under this application layer. Now, for example, please consider here application layer. We have Andy right. He is the CEO. He wants to transfer a data. Okay. Which is off how many pages? Can I consider 400 pages? CEO wants to send 400 pages of data, a sensitive information to receiver. Okay. So, what purpose will do? What is his work? But this data is in French. But receiver, receiver, he doesn't know, I would have. He doesn't know French language. What happens then? Presentation layer will convert this French language into English. Presentation layer, what it used to do. He, the work of presentation layer, the purposes, what he'll be checking. He, the main responsibilities, need check length. How the data should be presented. Guys, I'll do the recording. See, today it's not recording. It's not getting recorded on the cloud. It's getting recorded on my computer. After conversion, I'll upload in a mail. So, that team will upload to you. Getting. So, if it is in proper mp4 format, you can, you can, you can, you can, you can, whatever the screen is showing. Everything you can see along with my voice. If I am sending you through PDF or ppd format, will it, can you catch my recording? You'll be able to access it. I'll tell you to send the ppd. If you are sending me in the other format, PDF, for widwins, how will I present that? Right. So, presentation layer always, it's the main responsibility test to check the present data in a proper format. So, the main task is your perwaste task. It's check whether the receiver, which language they know, how the data should be presented. It should be in French or English. What do they understand? So, he'll come to know that, that's CEO knows English. So, he'll present the data in that format. He'll convert the French language of 400 pages into English. Getting. Fogasing. What I would say? Session layer. So, you are 400 pages of data, which is in English. It's here. Right, guys. Where it is. It's here. Session layer always try to remember. We call them as end to end layer. Why? I'll go very slowly. Don't confuse. Okay. Whenever he receives the respective data now, this session layer stamp, he will inform to this session layer. Whenever you receive data now, please inform me. Please send me acknowledgement. Getting. This has to be, this time is to say to other employees, this employee, session layer employee. We are sending you data. Okay. Once you receive, please help me. And this, let me know the acknowledgement. Give me that acknowledgement. Acknowledgement. He's asking for that. Getting. And he's the end to end layer. He crossed text. He should be active till it goes from year to year. It's coming up from year, right, guys. From year to where it's going data to this CEO, he has to be alert till year. He has to be active, right? If any issues in this layer means, so it will be active. So we call session layer as end to end layer. Getting. Till year. So the main mechanism of session layer is, he will say that we are sending you data. Please acknowledge me. Please send me the acknowledgement. That's it. Coming to transport layer. What happens here? Your 400 pages is converted into. 100, 100, 100 pages of bundles. That means what is happening till here? It was data. Once it came to sunlight, what happens? Segmentation happens. Did I convert it into segments? Your 400 pages bundle was there. It was converted into. 100, 100 pages of bundles. Can you just see here? Right, guys. And what Navin used to do? What Navin will do? There is a hundred bundles right here. Let me write it. What Navin will work? Navin will be adding source IP, destination IP. Source port number, destination port number. Source IP, destination IP. Everything will be attached. Why? The main thing is what in a network layer? Always remember in your transport layer what comes? TCP, UDP. In your network layer, it is an IP, Internet protocol. We discussed yesterday, right? I told you, what is IP? A 32-bit logical address, IP V4. Why it is logical address? Physical address in the sense I gave the example rather. I gave as a data rights banal. So rather, we will be in London. Okay, if I tell you data rights banal, can you visit here with the proper address? You know, without the proper address? No, right? It will be confused, right? So many more branches will be there. How can you come? But if I give with the proper door number, with the proper ward number, with the proper landmark that will be a good look at, and the with pin code 560032, the which cross, you can easily come up here, right? It's a logical address. Physical address comes up to your MAC address. Where it will be, it will be in your NIC card of the system. It's a 48-bit 6-bit similar thing, right? But coming to your IP, IP V6-1, very 8-bit IP V4. We used to talk more about IP V4 in this, you know, cyber security first level, physical acting process. Okay, don't worry about IP V6. So IP V4, yeah. So IP since it belongs to logical addressing, guys. So here, the attachment is very much important, right? That bundles has to be received here properly. The data should be, right? So he's attaching what? Navine, source IP, destination IP, source port number, destination port number. Getting it, half that Danish, what he has to do? Bandle's are there. How many? 100% now. So what Danish will do? Error, check, check the error. Okay. If anything, Error and the data. And also what he'll do, he'll seal it. Encryption. I told you, right? Man in the middle can happen. They give the capture the package. They can easily decode information. If we have sealed wings, it will be very difficult for them to decrypt it. Very securely we have to send. So the sealing, the protecting are this. So after, so guys remember, in transport layer, I told you data and then segmentation and then packets. And then frames. And then finally here in the physical layer is a bits. In this way it going to convert. Okay. So he will be sealed down for the protection to safeguarding our data. Okay. What Priya will do physical layer? Always remember Priya will check for the medium. To send how? Wireless or wired through wired illnesses? So wired illnesses through coaxial cable. If I am sitting here, if I am using a internet cable or something, you know through internet, I can share to Raga here on them. Or else if he gives me USB something, he will give me a phone just to transfer phone. That is a wired thing, right? Wireless in the sense. It's a mirror that the company ABC company sits in mirror. Expanded company is in Delhi. Right. Getting guys. So this way. So Priya will be checking about the medium. Getting. And then what up after that? What happens? Your physical layer. Always remember guys one thing. The first layer of a sender is your application layer. If they ask to the first layer for the receiver is your physical layer. The data has come up from here to here now. It has reached here. What happens? It goes to data link layer. What happens guys here? You tell me. They're going to check right whether your bundles has been sealed properly or not. They ensure confidentiality. They ensure integrity part and also they ensure the hot on the city part. Whether the authorized users are not like, you know, those are opening also. Those are like we are getting we can't they can't suddenly take up the machine. They have to check the authorization process. They should, you know, the validity should happen. Both authorization and authentication. Both things has to be done. Getting. So in data link layer they check whether our bundles are safely secured with the sealed down. Okay. Need network layer what they check rather. Help me. They check the source IP destination IP and their respective. Port numbers and it's the answer to layer what happens. Reverse segmentation and segmentation. So that means. What happens. 400 we can make a one bundle now of 400 pages. There was 100 and it now. So reverse happens here. So and segmentation happens. The combination come. They used to combine the whole model. So here what happens in session. Layer what this session layer has to do send the. Acknowledge went I told you right Sam has told. A once you receive please acknowledge send me the acknowledgement. So this session layer employee will be sending the acknowledgement. And what about this presentation. They will cross check whether this 400 pages vendor as a French. In a French language or English how the data is been sent which format. Everything whether we understand it format or not. Everything it has to cross check. What about this CEO application layer. Yeah it's in English is receiving 400 pages of sensitive data in English. He can easily go through. He'll be having all other others he can check from where he has received. Like how securely has received it and through wireless or wired. Everything he can check. So it's very easy right to send down the communicate just high. Just blink of fire right within seconds it's moving up. Data is getting transferred through internet. If I send I with the high rather. See within seconds not a one minute also it's not taking a minute to get sent. Here can you see the process. It's going through the layers application presentation session through layers it's moving.