 So today let's study how to hack Wi-Fi. So we are focusing on hacking wireless methodology today. So let's see how to hack a WPA as well as WPA to Wi-Fi using color linux. So here let's focus on this today. So hacking Wi-Fi sounds really cool and interesting, but actually hacking Wi-Fi practically it must choose you with a good world list. So we can even create our own world list with a crunch tool over here. So let's go with step one. How to hack a Wi-Fi? So always focus on IF config. It's an interface configuration. If you want to view or change the configuration of the network interfaces on your system, you can go with this. So it's a very important step because where you can analyze how many interfaces you have actually. If it is showing with ET head zero, it's a first Ethernet interface and we'll be having WLAN zero. It's a wireless interface on your system and this is what we need and there will be a loop back interface also. So there will be three interfaces over here and then step two. Let's focus on step two where you'll need to stop all the current processes which are using Wi-Fi interface. For that we have a command, Airmo or iPhone ng, check kill. So this is what the command we need to use. So you'll be killing all the respective current processes here which are using the Wi-Fi interface. It's very much important step over here. So when it comes to step three, we'll have to start our wireless interface in the monitor mode. To start our WLAN zero, that means wireless interface in the monitor mode, we have a command there. We'll have to use Airmo and iPhone ng start WLAN zero. So this is what the command is and you'll be getting one line message or one line. So once you get confirmed that your monitor mode has been enabled here, move to the next step. So under step four here, if you want to view all the Wi-Fi networks around you, so you'll have to use Airo-Dum, iPhone ng, WLAN zero, now it's in monitor mode. So especially this Airo-Dum, iPhone ng, whatever you're using the command. So after using this, you'll be getting a list of Wi-Fi networks around you. So you'll have to move it down the channel number as well as its BSS ID. The BSS ID, it's nothing but it's a MAC address of a wireless access point there. And this Airo-Dum, iPhone ng, it is for packet capturing over here. Understanding. So here, yes, this Airo-Dum by Phen ng, especially for packet capturing your WLAN zero monitor mode. It's a name of the interface now. So this name can be different on different devices. So if you want to stop the respective process, you need to enter control plus C. OK, so to stop the process. So when you have already found the target network, then why the list should be gone, right? So use that and then let me move with the step five here. So when it comes to step five, if you want to view the clients connected to the target network, OK? So connected to the target network, you'll have to enter some command. That is nothing but Airo-Dum iPhone ng. OK, same Airo-Dum by Phen ng. You'll have to enter here and channel number, please mention whichever you have moved it down. And then please mention the BSSID here. Let me take the example of this, some BSSID, OK? The mac address of that you will be mentioning here. And then iPhone W and just give the location that where you need to save your file, then you are in the face name. So this is for packet capturing. This is for channel, you know, channel. And here is the mac address of the access point. And here you'll be mentioning the BSSID. iPhone W, you are it's for it's a directory where you want to save the password file, OK? And then this is the name of the interface. OK? So this is the very much important terminal, OK? Where you can see your WPA handshake also. OK? Since it's done, let us move with the step 6 here. Under step 6, we need to use a reply iPhone engine. OK? So use 0 here, 10 iPhone A. And normally just have your, you know, this BSSID here. Once you enter in this, just enter your wireless interface name. So you need to open a new terminal over here under 6, OK? New terminal window. If you want to disconnect the client, which is connected to the target network, OK? In order to inject frames, we need to use this command, especially in order to inject frames. OK? So this we are using for deatomification. OK? For deatomification we are using here, you can give number of deatomification packets that to be sent. This is iPhone A is nothing but, you know, for the BSSID of the target network we are mentioning. This again name of the interface. So here when the client is disconnected from the target network, he actually retries. OK? He tries to reconnect to the network. And when he does, you know, you'll be getting something called WPA handshake. OK? So this is very much important. This WPA handshake, you'll be getting it in the previous terminal. The previous window of the terminal. OK? This is very much important actually to proceed to have a good output. So when this is done, now, so actually now we are done with capturing packets. Now into close the terminal window. And finally, we need to proceed with last step. Just to decrypt the password, open the file application and you can check there will be a cap file. All your passwords will be encrypted here. OK? So here we have a crack tool here crack. It's a here crack iPhone NG. OK? You use this command here crack iPhone NG this iPhone A to iPhone B. Again, mentioning the BSSID over here. iPhone W. So here you'll you really to attach to. Thanks. One you'll have to attach to world list file and the cap file. OK? And finally, key found will be able to successfully will be able to hack wife of your router or your phone anything else here. 8 crack iPhone NG. These are the cracking program actually. OK? So when it comes to iPhone A to your it's for WPA to we can use iPhone A for WPA also. OK? Network. It's for BSSID as we know of the target network iPhone W the location of the world list file. OK? So here whatever the cap file I told you to attach this is the location of the cap file will be attaching. This is the location just drag over here and attach the locations. OK? So yes, finally, we can easily found the wife key, you know, router passwords. So you can easily hack our wife over here. So this is the end of your wife hacking methodology here. Thank you.