 apart from that we have some of the attacks. See this attack is somewhat more or less similar to what we learned in DDoS. So remember our DOS attack module, what we did, what happened in the there, there was this attacker who used this CNC server command and control server. And with the help of this server he used to control send wake up signals to all these post machines. These machines are nothing but zombies or botnets and we used to conduct. We need to plant a particular target server with so many data packets and we'll crash that particular server off. Similarly, here what attacker does will he'll get access to all these devices, IoT devices and then what he'll do is install some of the malware's those devices and turn these IoT devices into these botnets or zombies. Then what he'll do will similarly he'll start bombarding the target server with so many data packets. So basically he'll is conducting the DOS attack or DOS attack here. With the help of these IoT devices here, earlier we learned that we can never to conduct this attack through thousands of compromised species. Similarly, you can do that similar thing through IoT devices as well. What attacker will do will somehow gain access, remote access to these vulnerable devices, how he can able to do that that I'll explain later. So after getting access to all these devices, what he'll do will install or inject the malware and get control of all these system on all these devices and he'll target and of course CNC center and he will use command and control center to launch that attack. As soon as the signal wake up signal is sent and instructions are sent to these devices from CNC server, it will start flooding this target server with so many data packets and this will get crashed and legitimate user can't able to access this target server. This is how DOS attack is conducted similar to what have already learned in DOS attack module. Then similarly we have something called HVAC. What is this HVAC? HVAC is something but heating ventilation and air conditioning system. See if you see any corporate building or any company or building this will be installed. So one more thing I need to show you there is a website called Shodown. See this is the website Shodown.io. See basically it's a search engine. It's a search engine where you can able to get details of all these devices, vulnerable IoT devices that are there. See if you type ICS that is called industrial control system, you can able to see all these OT devices and their IP address. So this will similarly we can able to search any of the devices, IoT OT devices that are vulnerable. You can able to get so many details like IP address, manufacturer, version, all those things about particular device and if somehow you can able to get the login credentials, you can able to use this control device as well. It will see the session that is there and the ports that have been opened in this device. So many things you can gather, vulnerabilities, engines, server, details, SSL certificate. See how many things we can able to gather with the Alport Shodown. This Shodown searches for one of our ICS systems. As I showed you in the website, it's such for those systems and he'll use all those default password websites. He'll open up some of the default since from Shodown, he can able to get all these information about that particular device like which version, which model is using that company is using, which version they're using, which manufacturer it is. So all those things with the help of those things, what he'll do, he'll go to some default password website and he can able to search whatever the default passwords that is there for the device. With the help of those credentials, he can able to access all those devices, IoT or OT devices. Here in this case, this AC or heating ventilation devices, he can able to get access to and he can control the temperature and all these. So this is how we can exploit HPA system using Shodown and some default password. We have something called rolling code attack. See, I hope you are familiar with this in your tar key for you can see these options like to unlock, unlock, unlock. Here, there is something called rolling code. This rolling code is nothing but some random strings or a string of data like ABC, dollar hash or something like this one two three something the code, the code will be not in a static form like a proper numbers or something. It will it will be something similar to this whenever you click unlock in your key for this code will get to your car and it will authenticate you. After getting the authentication, it will get unlocked. So there is a device called so this is the device with something looks like this with the help of this device what you can do you can able to record those rolling code whenever you press that lock unlock button from your key pop. This device can capture that particular signal and it can save that code inside this device. So what this attacker will do, he'll as soon as you press unlock button, he'll use that hack rf, portafac device and he'll capture that rolling code. And of course with the help of some jamming device, it'll jam the signal getting into the car. So basically you need to jam the signal so that it won't be received towards to the car, don't get transmitted to the car and meanwhile with the help of our hack rf portafac device, you can able to capture that this rolling code. So after you capture it whenever you transmit this code to car, it will get unlocked. So this is the functionality that is there. But here in this rolling code attack this hacker what this attacker what he'll do, there are two things here, not he'll not capturing only single code. He's capturing two codes that is as soon as the this person pressed the unlock button in his key pop, this attacker what he'll do, he'll jam that particular signal and he'll capture the first code through the device. Then afterwards what he'll do, they say the when victim tries one more time to unlock this, he'll against if the code and but this time he'll after capturing the second code, he'll unlock the code with the first code that he has he has captured. So then later whenever there is this user is no more near to the car and this car has left alone somewhere in any of the place, this attacker and go and use the second code in order to unlock this car. See the question here is you know this device that I'm showing you this device, it can capture the rolling code and with the help of after you capture that code you can able to get back unlock the car but here the question is why this attacker is using two codes here. See why because each of the time you see this code right each of the time this code won't remain same whenever you press the this unlock button each of the time some different code will get generated to it randomly changes. So what he'll do, he'll capture the second code and so that whenever he want to, whenever there is no one near the car he can use that second code which is captured and unlock the car. So that's the that's the reason why because you can't able to use the same first code for the second to unlock the car second time. Only one code can be used in order to unlock unlock only once. So this is the reason why he's capturing the first code and second code and he's just using the first code so that this person victim will think okay he has unlocked the car with his second code but the thing is he has just released the first code that he has captured and kept the second code in order to unlock this car later. Then apart from that there's one more interesting attack that is blue bone attack. See here the main focus of victim sorry main focus of attacker is to spread malware to all these devices blue tooth enable devices. What he'll do? See in blue bone attack suppose attacker can use some of these techniques like social engineering and what he'll do he can impersonate any person like a delivery guy or any kind of person and he'll get or any network administrator or network engineer who was there to look after any show with the network and all this he can able to impersonate any of these people and he'll get inside the building. He no need to do anything just with the help of the device not that particular device any other some other device that he'll use in order to contact this blue bone attack. What he need to do he need to turn on that device and stand inside that building. How whatever the blue tooth enable devices that are there like your smartphones smart IoT devices whatever laptops that are there which has desktop laptops and smartphones whatever the devices which has enabled the blue tooth all those devices will get the malware and it will again in turn spread to other devices which are there in the which are connected in this network. So this is how a blue bone attack is conducted and once the malware is installed this attacker can able to control that device as well. Discover the Bluetooth device retrieve the mac address send some probes retrieve the all the OS information as you see in the showdown can get together all those device related information then he can able to gain access if you get able to get the OS information he may able to get some of the default password login credentials and all those things then he can able to access all these devices that are there in the that are present in the particular building and in corporate network then of course with the help of some of these jamming devices he can able to set the frequency which is similar which was used to communicate so the these or IoT devices used to communicate with each other with some of a particular frequency. If the attacker sends the signal with that particular frequency with the help of this jamming device no other devices these IoT devices can't able to communicate with each other these devices will be disabled.