 Hi everyone, today let us go through with introduction to ethical hacking. So let's have a overview about ethical hacking and cyber security. So when it comes to our cyber security, firstly I would like to say it's a practice of protecting your computer systems network data from one of the raised access. So here in cyber security we go with information security, network security, endpoint, and certain trust funds, so many terminologies. So overall cyber security is very essential for protecting incentive information and maintaining the integrity of digital assets here and also safeguarding the trust of individuals, business and organization in the digital age. So now let's focus on the hacking as well as the ethical hacking concepts. Firstly when we go with hacking concepts, hacking is nothing but stealing information. So attacker he tries to launch an attack here, he tries to steal information over here. So overall hacking is nothing but unauthorized access. So he tries to exploit your system, it may be your network or it may be your data. So let me just help you over this here. So when it comes to hacking. So we need to understand stealing the information in a very illegal way. So he might steal your financial information, he may steal anything, any sensitive information in a very unauthorized way. So hacking techniques that can vary widely. So when it comes to hacking techniques we have phishing attack. So by sending so many spam emails, spam messages, he tries to trick individuals that you have to reveal their sensitive information. So second thing is he can conduct malware attack. So creating, he can create a virus, so many malicious software. So your malware is nothing but malicious software. It may be virus, using construction kits they're going to create that and they're going to infect and compromise the target system. So when it comes to another attack, we also have social engineering attack. So here attack, he tries to manipulate with them and to grab all the confidential information you're. So sometimes he even can try for brute force attack. So here he tries to attempt to guess passwords or encryption keys through trial-and-edred methods there. So he can further conduct door attack or D door attack. We also have SQL injection attacks, session hijacking attacks. So many that are plenty of attacks are there. So your individual, whoever it is, is engaged in hacking. So then definitely he steal your sensitive information, he grabs your credentials in a very legal way. When it comes to individual who engage in hacking for ethical purpose and the one who performs security assessments and he's the one who performs security testing, well know, well know he research. So they are called as might hackers. So here we can even call ethical hackers as penetration testers, security researchers and even so not a mitigate our security well know piece to overall improve our cyber security posture to protect overall against malicious hacking activity. So we need ethical hackers today. So let us move with the slide and let us look into another topic over here. Yes, hacking we're going through. Yes, why hacking happens? So the thing is the attack equation you can see over here. So he set up goal. He'll be using methods, techniques, tricks and by even looking into well know piece. So he first tried to identify well know feed and then he exploits and then finally he gain access for unauthorized access. So finally again unauthorized access there. So security professionals. They also identify well know piece but we always ensure system security. So we can see so many types of hackers. We have black hat white hat gray suicide. So black and hackers they always work for offensive things. White hat they always work for defensive when it comes to gray they work both for offensive and defensive. We also have suicide hackers. So he'll be not worried. He'll be not worrying about you know any kind of punishment. So he'll be not ready to face any kind of jail times. So he'll be suicide him. He'll be suicide himself there and then we have script kidding. So the one who just go with running scripts or who just watch YouTube videos and himself if he predicts as a hacker we called as good kidy. So cyber terrorists here definitely motivated by religious and political belief. They try to create disruption between our religious people using this intelligence tools their cyber terrorists state sponsored hackers are hired by the government. They're going to hire them as a spy agents activist. He always deal with political agenda is the one who always can help politicians and who deals with political agenda the activist. So they are the types of hackers and this is the end of hacking concepts and we also have ethical hacking here. So I already told you cyber security professionals ethical hackers we always try to protect our organization. We always try to prevent hackers from unauthorized activities or malicious activities. We always ensure system security. So this is all the faces of ethical hacking and the main objective that there can be a question why we need ethical hackers. Yes. So we need to understand the organization to safeguard the data and also to avoid security breaches. Okay. So further we have our two types of attack passive attack and active attack. So in passive he'll be just observing the message okay without touching it without you know modification. So when it comes to active attack he actively involves and he tries to change and modify the content of message over here. Okay. So these are all the two types of attacks and overall the ethical hacking concepts. So it's the end of hacking and ethical hacking concepts. Thank you.