 So transparency in AI. So what is transparency? Transparency it is one of the important reasons and it is essential ethical consideration in the use of AI Cybersecurity. So in general transparency refers to the ability of how an AI AI algorithm arrives at a decision. So if we understand how this AI algorithm will arrive at this decision with this can help us build trust and conference in this AI system. So in the context of cyber security your you know strict algorithms or opaque algorithms could be harmful to users if their outcomes are not well understood. So in this section in the transparency of AI we will be exploring the ethical considerations around the use of opaque algorithms in cyber security and also understand how transparency can improve the ethical use of AI in cyber security. Okay so transparency in yeah benefits and challenges. So before I discuss the benefits and challenges let me just say some key points. So what is transparency transparency? Why is it important? Because it is important in the use of AI cyber security as it can build trust and confidence in the system. So transparency refers to the ability to understand how AI algorithm arrives at a decision. So one of the main challenges with transparency in AI algorithms is that they can be highly complex and difficult to understand. So some of the key benefits are so benefits of transparency. Transparency can ensure accountability and fairness in decision making process because we know how that AI algorithm or what data points it saw what that data what that algorithm data points it saw to arrive at that decision. So increased transparency in AI can help identify by us is leading to more equitable outcomes. So by understanding how we can how AI systems work. The trustworthiness increases. So some of the key points of benefits of transparency you can understand the decision making process. You can identify by us or errors in the system. You can build trust and confidence in the system. But there are several challenges when there is transparency in here. So when the system is fully transparent, it may expose sensitive information posing risk to individuals privacy and confident. So another major challenges your trade to the trades and proprietary algorithms may be compromised if you if too much transparency is enforced. So if you know the steps or how that air algorithm is working to arrive at this decision if that is totally unveiled then there can be some vulnerabilities in that process. So so your black attackers may exploit this transparency in AI systems to find vulnerabilities and launch cyber attacks. So it is important it should be transparent but it shouldn't be fully transparent. So let's see how to improve transparency. So to improve transparency to increase transparency we are follow approaches such as explainable AI. So explain in a way it is one of the technique or user friendly interface which can be used. So this explainable AI is one approach to increase transparency. So just like your AI algorithms this is the further version of the algorithms called as explainable AI explainable AI is one approach to increase transparency. So you're explainable AI algorithms use various techniques to help users understand how algorithms arrive at this decision such as generating explanations or highlighting key features. So that is about explainable AI by then transparency as we have discussed it is one of the important ethical consideration in the use of AI and cyber security. So so transparency just helps users understand the system decision making identify potential bias or errors and build trust and conferencing the system. That is above the third point. So the major take away from this transparency in AI is in order to build trust and confidence in our system transparency is essential. So how to build this transparency using explainable AI algorithms and user friendly interfaces which can help users understand how algorithm arrives at a decision. So you might need clear policies and procedures which might be necessary to ensure transparency in the use of AI and cyber security and the level of transparency is also important because the level of transparency required will depend on the context and the user needs. So that is about transparency in there. Okay, a minor topic. So let's see the ethical considerations and opaque algorithms. So we know that data privacy and security are critical ethical considerations in use of AI and cyber security. So the collection storage and use of AI, power, cyber security raises ethical concerns. We all know that. So whenever we build any application cyber security companies must collect and use data in an ethical and responsible way to protect users privacy and data security. So one of the ways is yeah algorithms can rely on this vast amounts of data to make decisions and this data often contain sensitive and confidential information. So sensitive data in the app or cyber security. So yeah, I realize on vast amount of data often containing sensitive and confidential information which might be scary. So what are the challenges and authorized access unauthorized access to data possess a significant to data privacy and security in AI systems and bias. So we all know AI systems can can be biased. So historical inequalities and discrimination in data can lead to biasing. Yeah, algorithms. So talking about the second point, another is access to data. It is one of the major challenge for data privacy and security in AI. So you can deploy strong security measures. You can also use diverse and representative data and clear policies to ensure data privacy and security. So that is about this ethical considerations. So a responsibility of AI in cyber security. So this is all the main points which you need to remember when you're using AI in cyber security, responsibility in AI and biased algorithms, transparency should be maintained. You should access the risk on day to day and someone should be accountable. Someone should be accountable for this decision. So some of the benefits of AI in cyber security just to conclude. So yeah, I can detect and respond cyber threats faster than any humans. So it is very fast. It can handle huge amount of data, a provider threat detection. So we can also automate the repetitive task which generally takes human attention. So by automating tasks, we can allow cyber security professionals to focus on more complex problems, but some of the challenges of AI in cyber security is AI may have biases and make unethical decisions if not properly trained. So it is important that we cross-check the results every now and then. And just like any systems, your AI can be vulnerable to adverse attacks, compromising its effectiveness. Black hat occurs or other hackers can manipulate AI if they know the working of it. And one of the major challenges over reliance on AI cyber security may lead to false sense of security. So that is it. So that is the end of ethical and legal considerations in here again, power air powered cyber security. Thank you.