 So many data channels that are present. So with now since 5G has come, so you can use utilize 5G and unlimited that to unlimited 5G and you can transmit data through various channels like through Wi-Fi, through internet, even service provider, Bluetooth on all these are data channels which can you can send or transmit the data and as more channels are there, these your devices will be more vulnerable to the attack. So how these attacks are conducted will go on soon. I remember our good old OASP open web application security project. Similarly, for web application, they have conducted 10 lists for mobile also. They have given us 10 top 10 lists. But interesting thing is we should not study 2016 one. They have released 2024 list as well. So we will go and skip that 2016 part. It will be so older. We will go through each of these list, top 10 list of 2024. There are three things we need to remember in proper credential. There is something called hard coded credentials. What these hard coded credentials are. I will show you an example. See, this is a source code of a part of a source code of a mobile application. The post if a app developer writes the code for some mobile app and if he hard code or if he writes the password and admin details in the code itself, it is called as hard coded credentials. What happens if he writes code like this? What hacker or attacker can do? He can open up the source code and can able to extract the user name and password all these credential details. So this is an example of hard code credentials. Something called insecure credentials. See, well transmission of some credentials, it will be vulnerable to the attack as all along with storage insecure storage of these credentials. Suppose someone gets physical access to your mobile devices, what happens? He can able to extract some of these credentials from your storage device if you have stored these log-in credentials and all these things. So this is a proper credential usage apart from that let's move on. A Dequate Supply Chain Security, what is this? Let's take an example and attacker what he can do, he will create a app and he will upload this app in an app store. Not a regular app but a malicious app with some malicious code. But if some legitimate user or any people get open this app store and install this app, what happens? All the data are that is present in the smartphone. These attacker can get access to all the data that is present in his smartphone. So this is what happens in a Dequate Supply Chain Security. So what we should do if we see any malicious app in the app store, we could report that app and so that it can be removed from the Play Store or App Store. Whenever you enter a website through any user name and password, what it will do? It will verify your identity and give you authentic date and give you access to your data. What happens due to some vulnerability? It failed to identify. It failed to identify and doesn't give you access. So this is one more concept of authorization. Suppose take an example, hacker what he can do, he can create some fake website and he can give you these buttons like signing with Google, signing with Facebook. As soon as you click on that, what will happen? All the Google will ask you for this allow button. As soon as you click on this allow button, all the details that you have given for Google and Facebook, all those details will be transferred to this website. So this is also the momentability or risk present in the authorization. I hope you got the idea of authentication and authorization. How? What are the risk present in these two things? Important output validation that is nothing but SQL injection, cross site scripting attack. I have explained you in SQL injection. What was that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? What is that? This statement of SQL injection and we should not perform all these things. So, this is what we called as input or output validation. So, one we should have this validation process in order to counter the SQL injection attack. In secure communication, again, whenever there is a data transmission between an app and some app server or any web server, what happens? The data will be sometimes transmitted in clear text or through a week encryption. But a hacker can do, he can able to extract the data through Manning the Middle Attack or something all those things. So that's about in secure communication. Privacy control, there is something called PI, what is that? Personally, identifiable information. What are these things? What are some personally identifiable information? Like other cards, your bank card, or the ration card, or debit card, or whatever the card is there in which from this, it will be personally identifiable. We can identify you as a person through this particular document. So this is called as personally identifiable information. What if some attacker able to grasp all this data, he can use it for identity theft. And he can commit crime or criminal activities. And with the help of your stolen information, you will be in the prison. So these are some of the things that we can consider in a liquid privacy controls. Not only that, you can take the example of somehow a hacker or attacker can able to inject some malware into your smartphone. He can able to steal all your personal information like this. If you have stored all these things in your phone, you can able to stole all these personally identifiable information. In sufficient binary protections, I have explained you all these things. Binary protections comes under these app development only. This is specifically for app developers while developing the apps, they should make sure they don't include some of these hard coded credentials and as well as hard coded API keys. What is API key in order to access this API? Suppose I have taken the example of Zomato and Google Maps. See, Google Maps, there is Google Maps API as well. In order for Zomato access this API, there is some key or protection encryption is there. With the help of this key only, these people can access this API. So whenever you develop some application, make sure you don't include these keys in the source code of the app. So these are the things and also you should not disable these things. Payment, check and license, check system, you should enable these things in your code. So these are some of the things that come under binary protections. Same thing here, we have seen in hacking web application. Same thing here is there like putting default passwords and default accounts, not giving proper security policy, weak passwords. All these things come under security, same thing for that one. In secure data storage, suppose you have stored some of the login credentials in your phone. So someone attacker gets access to that smart one. What will happen? You can able to steal that as well. In sufficient cryptography, I have explained similar thing in hacking web application. There was something called cryptographic failure. Right? Similarly, if cryptography consists of encryption and decryption, for encryption we have these things like SSL certificate, TLS, transport layer security and all these things. With the here attacker what he can do, we can weak these encryption and attack, get access to the data through medium brute force attack or man in the middle attack, all these things he can conduct. So these are the OS port, top 10 list.