 Let's start this nipping techniques. First we went with this MAC flooding. So try to remember there can be question in the international exam they go about this MAC flooding. So flooding the cantable with the fake MAC addresses and if they ask you about the tool under Kali, we practice MAC off tool. It's a Linux tool where he see he tries to flux the switch cantable this much per minute by sending bogus MAC entries and I have even highlighted with this screenshot the MAC off tool command. We will have to try this in Kali so that we can easily conduct the MAC flooding. Next is the second technique we have as DHCP starvation attack. So here I would like to use a note here one moment. Okay. So guys here when it comes to DHCP. Okay. So you guys know what is DNS. DNS is nothing but domain name system. So what it used to convert IP domain name into IP addresses. Right. How about this DHCP server? What server is this? So let me consider this is my econ company. Okay. So if this is a econ company there will be so many host right there will be host one host two host three so many host right. So respective IP addresses will be assigned. Let me let me consider 10.1 to this 10.2 10.3. You have seen right these ranges when we did advanced IP scanner and angry IP scanner. You know the ranges it started from 0 to 1 or 1 to 0 till 254 right. Who is assigning this valid IP addresses to this devices in the company this DHCP servers. Okay. So to host machine to respective host machine the allocation of valid IP addresses are happening through this DHCP server. So nothing but you can say as a rooftop getting in yeah but your attacker he tries to flood this DHCP server. Okay. You guys can see here. So once again I am I not sharing the screen here I'm sorry let me share the full screen yeah. Yes I think I had not shared the screen one moment. When it come to DHCP server always we'll have to remember think think as a router. Okay. In your mind. So in a company there will be a what so many host will be there you say one user two user three so many host right when we went with a list of angry IP scanner we gave the IP ranges like in the angry IP scanner you were you were able to see what the host names their open ports their IP addresses right one user he was with what 168 110 another was with 192 168 121 different different ranges right these IP's valid IP addresses were allocated by them were provided by these servers. Okay under the network so he'll try to flood this DHCP server clear half to that here what happens is see I'll just show you the diagram user will be unable to get the valid IP here okay it's a configuration protocol it is the one which is assigning what valid IP address to post systems just now I showed you right this is the starvation attack what is happening the starvation attacks he tries to flood okay with the fake DHCP request okay so that what happens there can be a dos attack here right if he is flooding with a fake request how the allocation happens right so these results in dos attack and further this whatever the DHCP server is there right it runs out of IP address to allocate valid users so what here the server further will you know it will be not able to issue a new IP addresses to the respective genuine posts or genuine users then okay this is one of the technique here max poofing we have already gone through this right max duplicating or max nip here we have a legitimate user here we have an attacker switch switch in the sense we know it checks our IP map everything and then it should allows what happens if a attacker is spoofing our mac address right it thinks that it will not come to know whether somebody has spoof I max same IP same yes allow it right so what even attacker go through this technique in order to bypass the network okay if he wants to conduct a sniffing attack what he tries to do using a max poofing technique or duplicating technique he tries to gain access to the network okay and finally he will further take over someone's identity on the network so see your attacker he will say no my mac address is this one so what switch used to do yeah I will allow because he's cross checking the mac address only it will allow okay so it will so your switch can't rectify can't predict that whether he's the attacker or the legitimate user he goes for the value the max poofed macro okay which will be similar to the legitimate user map here okay this is one of the technique where he tries to you know intercept and bypass the network here okay and next attack we have a DNS so as I told you domain name system conversion of domain name into IP addresses before going to servers where RHDP request goes to DNS servers right and then it comes back to our respective mains servers right so DNS poisoning why he tries to poison here main thing is if you observe I had taken an example let me just take an example once again for DLS if I'm a client here let me consider I'm a client here here I have a server let's say we have a Netflix server yeah okay so when I I just want to connect to this Netflix server right myself this is user time okay in my browser I'll try to enter ww.netflix.com what it is it's a domain name further it gets converted by into IP using a DNS server after that it will be received here and then further what happens RHDP request goes to this server okay so if he poison server DNS what happens there can be question if he's for if he poisoned our DNS server okay so whatever the HDP request it's going to this server the legitimate server it goes to it redirects to a fake and malicious server okay so it looks like a Google page but it will be like malicious page like that yes so let me just show you this so the normal how we actually you know these are our servers here we have a user DNS they convert domain name into IP and they allocate us right that should be request goes to further up proper server but what happens here if he's poisoning DNS Yahoo in the sense it has to go to Yahoo.com Google being in the sense it has to go to the search engine why it's launching a malicious page because it's redirected into malicious server always try to remember if it's one of the sniffing attack if attacker poisoning your DNS okay you will be not redirected to our legitimate server or legitimate web page or web application okay so it your yourself you know it redirects to malicious page malicious server there okay so here I have a sentences DNS poisoning it's an unauthorized manipulation of IP addresses he can induce his own IP okay without giving 8888 why is he giving 6789 because he's giving his IP getting it I have made it in the SCT kit right if we are entering the IP it was opening a page of Twitter but it was a fake page right for the credential harvesting method yeah attack so same way corrupted DNS redirects a user request to our malicious website and perform illegal activity here the DNS pose