 See how we can name this basic module is about evading ideas and firewalls only. Why we are studying this evading ideas and firewalls? We need to understand the perspective of hacker. Acquire what is main motive. We want to get inside to our network by waiting all these things. Whatever the ideas, firewalls and that are there present in the external network and all this. How we can do that? We need to understand that if we perform or if we follow some of the techniques or methods, we can also be able to evade this ideas and firewalls. How we can do that? We will see. See what this firewall does. Of course, they prevent all these malicious packet in front of mentoring the network. But still we can still be able to get these packets. We can bypass the firewall and get these packets inside the network. The host machine that is present in the network that these are some of the techniques. These are some of the tools that are used to detect the intrusion. There are some activities, suspicious activities going on or not. With the help of these tools, not and any kind of KF sensor, we can be able to detect them. See, these are the techniques I was talking about. With the help of these techniques, we can be able to bypass all these ideas and firewalls. What are these techniques? These are proxies. As I told you, if we use proxies server, we can be able to evade these firewalls. Because all the network traffic will be flown from web server to client. We will be transmitted through this proxies server only. MAC address spoofing. You remember our sniffing module. I have explained you how we can be able to spoof inside that network. If we were able to spoof our MAC address, we can be able to redirect the data traffic through that is basically the man in the middle of that. Being suppression, we can be able to evade with the help of some commands. We can suppress the ping output and we can be able to evade this firewall. What is path open scan? The TCP handshake, what was happening? In TCP 3-way handshake, TCP 3-way handshake. First, a syn packet will be sent. Then a synact will be sent from this machine. And we can replay it back with act. So this is a 3-way typical 3-way handshake or full scan. In half, open scan, what we'll do? We'll send this syn packet and it will reply packets in a. Now, instead of completing the 3-way handshake with the act, what we'll do? We'll terminate this connection by setting the reset packet. So this is the half open scan we can. I was talking about. See here, if one thing you should remember, if we get the synact packet, that means the port is open. If same thing, if you send syn packet and the reset packet has been received at your end, then we can assume that the port is closed. You can see whether you can with the help of half open scan only, instead of completing this 3-way handshake with the help of half open scan, you can see whether the port is open or port is closed with this syn packet. I hope you recalled all those things. Then we have fragmentation. See, instead of sending this large oversized packets through the firewall, what we can able to do? We can fragment these packets into smaller size. We can fragment these same large packet data, again into these smaller size packets. Then we can able to transmit it through the firewall. So with this fragmentation technique, we can able to bypass this firewall. This is one of the other techniques that we can use in order to bypass the firewall or evade the firewall. This is the thing. Apart from that, some of the random scans you can do and different kinds of with the help of multiple techniques, we can evade this firewall and of course ideas. Some of the tools we can use, Wireshark, Enmer, and Ether-Ape. I hope you have used Wireshark and Enmer.