 By doing this Google hacking, first module also, you study, they put advanced Google search and Google hacking. Similarly, with the help of this in URL, just copy this and paste it in the Google search. You'll get those websites only, which has this admin access and admin login credentials. Two kinds of database, relational database, and also non-relational database. What happens in relational database? Relational database, restore our data in terms of tables. Like customer ID, customer name, and all these things. How we get these data through the websites, sign up page, or login, whatever, you give the details there, like your username, your phone number, your address, whatever. You give in that website all those details will be stored in the form of these tables. So this is the relational database. In order to manage the whatever the data present in this table, what we use, we use some long language called SQL or SQL language that is structured query language. In order to manage, modify the data that is presenting the database. This is the typical example. There will be a name called employee name for this table, and you can see employee ID name. Suppose this is the example of the employee's working in a company. So there will be employee ID name, email, and the department they belong to. So this is how a relational database looks like or my SQL database. Structure query language designed for relational database. What is non-relational database? See here will be saved in the form of these objects, employee name, salary, marine, metal, status, all these things will be saved in the form of objects. So this is non-relational data. What these are the things we can do, like delete, create, read, update, all these functions we can perform with the help of these structure query language. I'll give you an example of how we can use these structured language or SQL queries to extract or update the data in the table. So this is of course, ANSI and ISO standardize that is international organization of standardization. And this is American National Institute of Fort Standardization. This is these two has been standardized this language and it depends on different vendors like how they use these language. And sometimes we can able to perform some commands as well. So these are some of the things that we are going to look at. So let's move. So what is, so there is a perfect format to store this data. See, this is the example you can see. The data of the other roads, roads, whatever the data that is been stored in the tables will be stored in the form of a hierarchy or T3 structure, T3 like structure. You can see in the image that index rows will be in the top hierarchy. Apart from that, there is a second level and then after that, other rows will be in the third level. So this is the typical format of how the database from the tables will be stored in the form of hierarchy structure. Relational object, we found different types of database. There will, there is something called no sequel, not only sequel data, this one database. And it was also as vulnerable as SQL. For SQL, we use SQL injection and some with some other techniques, we can attack no sequel as well. See, this is the name, this is the simple example of how we can able to use this SQL statement to extract some data from the relational table. Let's take an example, select name or even from users where user name is equal to Fred and password is equal to secret. So there will be a table called users, the name of the table will be users. And there will be so many data of, there will be a column of name and email. And so many different data will present like John Alice, Rahul or something like this. And their email IDs will be there here. User name and password as well. Let's make another column. So somewhere here, there will be something called user name Fred and password will be secret. What this statement is asking us to fetch that particular name and email from this table. The name and email of this user name and the guy who has this password. So I hope you understood what's the meaning of this sequel statement. Open some of these websites. You can even you can choose some of these testing websites as well. Paste this payload sequel query and click on login. It will give you the access to this database. So this is the typical example of how sequel injection is done. See here I have given just a payload. What this payload means in, okay, I'll explain you in the further side. Here we are just using these payloads to bypass the login credential. With the help of these payloads, instead of these things, what we can able to do. See, these are the some of the commands that we can use in SQL language. Like we can drop a table with the drop table command. We can alter. We can create the table. Create table space table name. A table table name. So these are some of the commands you can see this. The module is focused only on SQL injection. So I am explaining you the sequel language and these tables or everything. Just for the sake of knowledge purpose, like how things are done. You know, need to necessarily to learn, go and learn the sequel language and create some database and all those things. No need to do that. Just have a basic overview of all these things, like how things are done. But you need to focus on SQL injection. How SQL injection is done. You just the main focus should be there on. So these some of these things you can do. Like if you want to extract some data from table, we can use select command. Then we have we can use some of these commands as well. We can update, delete, insert and alter the database. So these are the SQL commands that we can use to modify or manage the data of the database. We can what we can do. We can control the query. We can retrieve or manipulate data, manipulate control statements, influence, availability. What this means is suppose let's take an example of a website. They have given us some input to fill up like log in details or something. What you can do instead of or even search box or any of the input command in this. Not only you can insert the payload, you can directly write the SQL statement only like select this table from this database or drop this table. How we can able to find whether the table is present here in this database or not. With the help of some delimiters. What are those delimiters like single codes are double. I'll show you in the coming slide. So basically in this with the help of SQL injection, we can able to. To alter or manipulate manage the data that is present in the data. I hope it's clear. Sometimes even we can execute some remote execution as well.