 See, going in depth and understanding each of these things that is going on in this algorithm is beyond this scope of this course only. What here we need to do in cyber security, we just know some of the concepts overall idea behind this algorithm that is more than enough. How things works, the basic overview of all these algorithms. If you want to go in detail, you can go ahead and do that. Before explaining this, let me show you something. This is the typical example of something called Fiestel Cypher structure. What happens here? And this Fiestel Cypher a plane text will be divided into two halves, left side and right side and then our function will be performed and also a key will be encrypted, a mod operation will occur and after that, this left hand side will be shifted to right hand side and this right hand side will be shifted to left hand side and it will move to next round. Similar process will repeat. See, no need to remember what this or operation mod operation mathematical function just know the concept what this happening here that is more than enough. After some of these rounds, a cypher text will be created. See, now you understand how algorithm works, how encryption works, how what are the things that are going on between converting a plane text into a cypher text. Right. Similar to this Fiestel structure, we have something called data encryption standard that is DES algorithm. Here, it is a symmetric algorithm. Remember here we will only use only one key for encryption and see this is the process that will going on that will go on to convert a plane text into cypher text. There will be something called master key, then there are some of the sub keys as well. There will be rounds similar to what I have explained you in Fiestel Cypher structure. There will be some initial permutation will be there. What is this initial permutation? Suppose the plane text will be like something a, b, c, d, it will be converted to b, c, d, a or something like that. So after that initial permutation, round wall will happen similar to that Fiestel structure, cypher structure I showed you. 16 rounds will be there. See, in DES, you need to remember this box. What is the block size of the plane text? 64 bits. What is the key size that is used? 56 bits. How many rounds will be there? 16 rounds will be there. How many intermediate keys? These sub keys will be there. 16 intermediate keys will be there. So these things you need to remember about DES algorithm. This is more than enough. DES is a simple algorithm we are seeing here. It got cracked because of that what these people do. They brought something called triple DES. In triple DES, what they did after getting this cypher text, they again went through the similar operation and performed these steps three times. So in order to make their encryption process stronger. So that is we can call as triple DES. Designed to n-set for and DC for blocks of data consisting of 64 bits under control of a 56 bit key. The plane text will be a block of 64 bits and we will use symmetric key that is of 56 bit. Remember these numbers. DES is the archetypical block cypher that is fixed length of string will be there and whatever the output will get that will be also in the 64 bit length only. The plane text the size of both plane text and cypher text will be same. So we call that as archetypical block cypher. This is I have already told you some organization. Repeat the process three times. Same process will they will repeat three times and they call this a new algorithm called 3DS for strength and of course they can't afford AES algorithm. So they what they did instead of using AES some advanced encryption algorithm. They used 3DS by repeating this process three times. So these are some of the facts about DES. Then there is something and another thing called advanced encryption standard. See this is how it will look. Just have the overview. This will be the round. So total remember what I told you just have them we need to know these things. The block size number of rounds and key size and how many rounds will be there are three types in AES. AES 128, AES 192 and 256. Here in AES 128 the block size will be of 128 bits maximum 128 bits we can use in one one 92, one 92 block size means this plane text. Human readable plane text the what is the size of that plane text what is the key size of that key how many rounds will be there in each of these types. Round key size is nothing but these subkeys only. See there will be one master key and there will be each subkeys there. So those will be the round keys. Round keys mean each round they will use one key and there will be some expanded key that is nothing but which will be used apart from using in rounds. There will be a separate key for each round and there will some other key as expanded key. So these are the things you should remember about AES this is more than error and let's move to RSA who invented developed this RSA algorithm. Ron, Ribust, Adi, Shamir and Leonardo Adulment. What these people did they invented this algorithm and all these people's first letter was given to this algorithm that is RSA algorithm that is the most de facto encryption standard it has this is used in most of the encryption for encryption process different fields apart from RSA most of the passwords will be encrypted in MD5 or MD4 algorithm only message digest for message digest file because these are some of the strongest stronger encryption compared to those DDS and AES. See what are the things that we're going to see in this algorithm. Module or arithmetic and elementary number theories. If you are good in this math go through this and try to compute yourself take two prime numbers multiply them and do all these complex mathematical process or function or function will be there. So so many things that are going in RSA algorithm can give it a trial if you want. So this is a typical example of RSA algorithm how things the mathematical calculations will be done for encryption and decryption process then we have something called message digest that is MD4 MD5 all these are algorithms it is more typical one here see this is the our document with the help of this message message digest function a hash value will be created here through message digest what we are doing we are converting this plain text into this this will be always also similar to RSA only complex algorithm mathematical functions will use or operation and operations all those things will be used so many things will be used see one more thing it is also called as irreversible hash function because why because any given bit input is changed here whatever the output we are getting there are chances of 50% of those hash value will be changed here. So that is the why it is considered as it cannot be reversed but as I told you there are all already pre computed hash functions are there for MD5 as well we can able to brute force this as well