 Okay, let's take an example of mall. Whenever you visit a mall at the entrance, you can see a security or a scanner device in which you need to go through. It will scan and there is a security person as well. He'll go and check you whether you have some kind of items that are not permitted inside the perimeter of the mall. So similar concept, you can apply here in the firewall. Suppose this is the external network and this is our pipe. Suppose this is the internal network. Remember one thing, this firewall could be of a hardware or even a software. What has been or even combination of these two? What it does, similar to this, it will protect our internal network. And also it prevents any unauthorized access. I hope this is a basic concept. You place this firewall in the network at the edge of the network or in the perimeter of the network. Where all this external network or external data traffic flows inside to your internal network. Here you can place in the internal network. You can place all your laptops, dextops, different host machines or was. And in between these two, you can place your firewall. This firewall could be a hardware or even a software that can be installed in any of the host machine or any device. Even you can use both of these combinations. What it does, it will prevent any unauthorized access to our network. These are the devices that we can use as a firewall. Or you can install a firewall software as well. It's up to you. But compared to software one, this hardware devices will be quite expensive. It is basically it is a hardware or software designed to prevent unauthorized access. It only allows authorized or trusted traffic. Any hacker who wants to send some malicious code or something, it will be blocked by this firewall. As I told you, it will place at the junction or gateway exactly at the edge of your network. I'll show you in the next slide how the architecture looks like. So see here you can see a firewall has been kept. This will be called as external firewall, which will be placed towards the internet. And one there is one more firewall that is internal firewall, which will protect all of what internal host machines and servers. So now let's move to some of the things that are there in here in this firewall architecture. Let me drop. Suppose this is a external network or internet and this is our external firewall. And there is one more the internal firewall. All other things that are present will be here like host machines, different kind of servers all will be present in this internal network. So this will be our external firewall. And this will be our internal firewall. See here we can see a server that has been placed. This server if we install some firewall software to this server. And this server is called as Bashian Host. So this does similar thing as a firewall only what it does. It will prevent any unauthorized access and unauthorized access and all these malicious traffic and all these things. This there is a bazone called that is present between this external and internal firewall that zone we called as DMZ that is demilitarized zone. This zone acts as a buffer buffer zone between these two firewalls. And also apart from that we have there is some concept called screen subnet. This screen subnet has four components. One of them is this DMZ. And all the bashian host and all of these firewalls all these components we can call as screen it subnet. So this is some of the terminologies we need to know. The bashian host it is of course what is bashian host as I told you it whatever the firewall software you install in a particular web server or any other server. In that particular server we called as Bashian host and it what it will do it will protect us from all these attacks network attacks. And it will be placed in between those two firewalls two interfaces one towards public or private why private because the if intruder gets inside the there is something called inside or threat if what if some person gets inside the get access to the private network and he can able to push some traffic from inside as well. So that's why it has two interfaces apart from that as I told you there is something called demilitarized zone that is serves as a buffer between internal secure network and in secure network that is external network. So it will have more than two or three interfaces so apart from that as I explained your screen it subnet which has four components one among them is DMZ then of course hosts or any server and of course private zone and also it basically it has it will protect from some malicious traffic or some. So these are the things that you should remember from this firewall architecture. Okay, we have as I told you we have two types of firewalls hardware firewall and software firewall hardware firewall that the image I have showed you those devices will be kept and they could be placed in any of these in suppose this is our network network infrastructure you can place it inside the internal network as shown in the figure picture and also one in the external network or else if you don't want to use any of these hardware devices what else you can do you can install the software inside this server or in these post machines on those two things you can do see here as I told you it will be a bit faster but compared to software firewall it is more expensive and a bit harder to implement of course it will filter out all the network but we'll go through some of the techniques in order to evade this firewall this is the whole topic is about evading firewall then we have some software firewall you can assume some of okay this is you can install some of these software inside your laptop or desktop only that will act as a firewall and it will does the same similar work as the hardware firewall does so compared to this it will be less expensive and it will ideal for this is most of the hardware firewall will be implemented in corporate environment in a company or organization whereas software or by all is suitable for personal or huboom use it and of course it is easy to configure so these are two types of firewall can remember