 Server sort of flooded with oversized otherwise corrupt packets that they must reject. DSM will work okay. There is even one more thing. Instead apart from sending large fragmented packets, what attacker can do? He can send these data packets in the form of fragments. And not only sending them in order. This would be not in particular order. It will be in some random order. What happens here? After it gets reached to target, this target can't able to reassemble this packet. Reassemble, can't able to reassemble all these fragmented packets. So what happens here? So many fragmented packets will be flooded at the target machine. In new terrain, if you remember, there will be some seeding, will occur and leaching process will occur. Basically, it's a peer to peer only. Whenever you download or upload, sorry, download any file from torrent. Any file from torrent sites using torrent, client or torrent, any application. What happens? There will be something called seeding. Whenever you download some file, both of all the data will be downloaded. There will be downloading and also uploading of data will take place in years. So this will be downloaded only if some other person is downloading the same file or uploading some of the data to that particular file. Otherwise, you can't able to download the torrent will be dead. So this is one of the example of peer to peer site or peer to peer technology. Here also, we can able to utilize these peer to peer and you can conduct a peer to peer attack to that particular target. What is 3 way and 3 TCP 3 way and check? Okay, first client will send us in packet. Then packet will be sent to this particular server. This will be a client and the server will reply back with Sinac and again, as soon as Sinac is received, the client will finally send the acknowledged packet to complete a 3 way and check. So after this, the connection has been established and all the data transmission will occur. Suppose you want to, through HTTP get request, you want to access some of the photos. You can send the trick and it will send those data packets. So all these things will transmission will occur. So this is the typical 3 way and check. What happens here? Suppose this is attacker. What will do with the help of some of the botnets? He will flood that particular target server with so many Sin packets. With against, poor footer IP address. Poop IP addresses will send, so sorry, not Sinac, just Sin packets. So many Sin packets will be sent and this target server, what it will do, it will send those Sinac packets to these IP addresses, which are non-existence or even though if it's not using poor foot IP address, this botnets what they do. Even though they get this Sinac packet from the target server, these botnets won't reply with the app. What happens here if they don't reply with that? It will be in the stand alone position only. Like in the listening state only. Because of this so many open connection. So due to that, so of what happens other legitimate users can't able to access this particular server. So this is the Sin flood attack. I hope you understood how this attack is conducted. Here, suppose this is client and this is server. As soon as the Sin packet will reply with Sinac packet and it will again send with app packet. So this is the normal connection establishment that is 3 way TCP 3 way and check. Here, what happens? These attacker what he'll do? He'll use some of the compromised PCs or bot botnets and flood this target with so many Sin packets. See, he can do two things. This attacker can do two things. He'll can flood with his same IP address. He can use instead of spoofing the IP address. He can use the same IP address and he can flood the target with Sin packets. So what happens here? This target will send back the Sinac packet to the particular botnets or particular compromised PCs. The third step will be not completed by the botnets. Attacker what will do? He will make sure these botnets won't reply back with app servers. After sending the Sinac and receiving the Sinac packet, he won't make sure the 3 way handship is not completed. And it will be in the listening state only. So he will put this target in listening state. So that's how he can provide deny the service to other legitimate users. So this is how sin flooding can happen. Listen Q by sending multiple sin requests to host but never replying back to the Sinac. He will never reply with the app. So he will keep getting sending the sin and keep receiving the Sinac. I hope you got this thing how it is conducted. Okay. See one more thing you can do. You can use spoof put IP addresses as well. But here the reply won't reach to that particular botnets. It will be non-existent. It will go to the non-existent or often discarded by the firewall only. So these are the things that you can remember.