 So, UDP, both the protocols are very important and they come to your transport layer. Can I give you examples for this so that you can remember easily? Let me give a Gmail application in the TCP mode. In UDP, let me give what's up calling here. Okay. First thing is, it's a connection oriented protocol. I'll tell you why. They are telling UDP as connectionless protocol and they are asking us that your retransmission happens. retransmission occurs or happens. Here no retransmission. I'll tell you why. I'll give you a very good example. Here non-real time. Here real time. After expiration, I'll give time. Now, don't write. It's slow, competitive to UDP. It's a fast. Okay. And fifth point is, let me just slide down. It's reliable. Non-reliable. See, we got five. Not reliable. I gave you the difference, but we have to understand it properly. TCP. We have a TCP, UDP. Right, guys? Sorry. So TCP concentrated on Gmail application. Gmail message. UDP, what's up? What's up calling? Okay. What's up? I'm calling to my mom. Okay. Guys, why connection less protocol? If I mail to Raghav, okay, the mail will be there in a proper thing. Okay. So, he is, you know, if he will open half to year, after three months, the mail will be there. Connection. If I have not entered proper Raghav's mail address, okay, it shows like, you're, you're going to be there. Please, please enter the recipient or receiver address properly. It used to give us a terror. Right, guys? So, then I should again end up, then it will go. Right. It's connection. Connection less in the sense. I'll be calling my mom. Hi, mom, hubo, you had breakfast. Suddenly, you don't have a tissue. Call for disconnected. Okay. Connection gone. Where there's a connection? Again, I have to go to a new connection. Then again, talk to her that connection is gone. Right. But mail, I have sent an email. He has received it. If any packet loss in the middle means it will get tell us, tell me it comes back to me. No, your message has not been received to the receiver. You have entered a wrong email. Please enter a proper email address receiver's email ID so that it will, you know, they'll give us the error properly, you know, with the notification. Always, whenever it comes to your mind, TCP, take the example of Gmail application. What's up calling you take for UDP? So guys, here, retransmission happens. If packet loss means it comes back to you. It just comes back. It's coming back to me. Anybody is calling me and telling me, you just, your call has been got disconnected. Please, you know, yeah, I will get that message. Can I go back to the same poll? No, right? I have to initiate a new call that moment has gone. She had told me like, have breakfast and go to class. That due to network issue, I have not, you have, okay, nothing has been, you know, I have not heard anything. Who will in the middle comment tell me that you missed your mother words? No, right? But they're in Gmail. They will notify me. Array, you have entered wrong address. Please enter a proper address, right? So this is the retransmission happens at that time. Again, here no retransmission. This is the non-real time. He can even check in night. He can even check around 3 a.m. midnight. Here his wish, he can check. He even wants to keep that message and check after years. He can check. It's a non-real time. Real time in this sense? Gone. All the real time it comes under UDP. TCP, non-real time. And why slow guys compared to, if I compare to UDP, it's slow. Why? Big process, no, retransmission all happening. Big process, no, little. So it's a slow. It is the real time. No over retransmission at all. Disconnected done. IPL match you used to watch, right? Welcome, we watched live. Have you seen the pros of people they viewed it? UDP, real time. We are watching our live. Are you getting the things? First, still record and then here it will be telecasting. That if you want to go back, now we have an option, right? Previously, we were not having live minutes live. We can't suddenly go back and view that. In our high school times in a degree times, it was there. In a respective hostel or somewhere, if he wants to telecasting the live part, if I missed the previous over, I would have not able to, I will not able to go only back. First, I have to finish whole match. And whenever you put, I get, no, the same thing from the scratch I have to watch. The recorded one. But here we have the option also. So just go back and view, right? So all your real time, constant, UDP, non-real time, constant of TCP. Here, there is no retransmission, guys. And it's a faster. Why reliable? We are getting all the information about our message. Whether it has been sent, whether it has been received, what happens in the middle? Security, it has been gone or unsecured. It has been lived up to someone. Everything, it tells me. Even if I am getting email from a stranger, it notifies me. But here, you tell what not reliable. If I am telling something to my mom, due to network issue, she is not hearing anything. She is not hearing my voice only. Who will give me the proper information? What has happened? I myself, I have to think, right? Oh, maybe network issue, so she didn't listen to me. And it got in a discolored. So that is like my prediction, my imagination. Anybody is helping me? Anybody is giving me the proper information? What happened? No. Not reliable. Getting? Take a reference. Take a look. Not reliable. Getting? Take a reference. Take a look. Take a look. Take a look.