 Hello everyone. So in this video, let's talk about the ethical and legal considerations in AI powered cyber security. So we all know that artificial intelligence has become one of the vital tools in cyber security because of its ability to detect and prevent cyber attacks more efficiently than traditional methods. However, the use of AI in cyber security has raised various ethical concerns that must be addressed. So in this lecture, I will discuss the ethical considerations regarding the use of AI in cyber security. Okay, so before that, let's understand what is the role of AI in cyber security or what are the benefits. So there are a lot of benefits like for example, AI can detect and respond to threats in real time, improving security measures. So the major advantage of AI is it can analyze large amounts of data quickly and identify anomalies and patterns in the data more efficiently than any human. Then so as the name suggests, AI can automate routine task which frees up human time for better task. But there are several challenges in AI. So AI can be vulnerable to attacks. It can be manipulated by a skilled hybrid. So it may produce false positives or negatively into potential security grabs. So there is something called as bias in AI, which is a very big problem. So that is a major challenges of AI in cyber security. So since I said that bias is one of the important things in AI algorithms, let's discuss that. So what is bias? So let's discuss about bias in AI algorithms. So AI algorithms can be biased which leads to discriminatory outcomes. See, the use of bias algorithms in cyber security has ethical implications, particularly in the fields of fairness or social justice. So in this video, we'll explore the ethical considerations around the use of biased algorithms in cyber security and we'll discuss how to mitigate bias in AI. So just to recall, bias in AI algorithms can lead to discriminatory outcomes in cyber security like for example, social injustice and fairness. So bias can arise from various sources. So one of the major source can be from the training data or the way the algorithm is designed or how AI interprets the present. So bias in general in algorithms can be difficult to detect and can be unintentional or implicit. So it's make which makes it very challenging to identify particularly for new new joining or non-experts. So bias algorithms in cyber security can poses ethical concerns and potential harm. So they can lead to unfair treatments and discrimination against certain groups. See, there's one example called as facial recognition software has been found to have racial bias. So this software, it was biased towards the white people. So to create a mitigate this bias algorithm should be designed with diverse training datasets. So the major takeaways from this bias is bias in AI algorithm is significantly ethical consideration in the use of AI and it is essential to take steps to identify and mitigate potential bias to ensure fair and responsible use of AI. So when some of the main methods to mitigate biases by using diverse and representative training dataset are apply governance structures policies and procedures. So important considerations regarding bias in algorithms I guess I have discussed this. So bias in algorithms can lead to discrimination and unfit decision making process. So we just saw an example. So bias in humans or racial bias. So one of the here also given the agreement an example one of the examples of bias in AI algorithms is facial recognition system that showed higher error rates for people with darker skin tones. So addressing bias is very important by applying regulatory monitoring systems or evaluating the outputs periodically and much more. So mitigating bias. So as I said there are many strategies techniques for mitigating bias. One of the technique is implementing painless metrics to evaluate AI outcomes and one of the strategies by using diverse and inclusive datasets to train the algorithm. So here are some importance of governance structures and policies or in this slide we'll be exploring why governance and policies are important for AI in cyber security. So the first point is by applying governance structures and policies you can effectively ensure ethical use of AI in cyber security. So these frameworks provide clear and guidelines, clear guidelines and standards for developing and deployment of AI systems in cyber security. So whenever any individual or any organization is creating an application they should follow this policies and frameworks so that it has developed according to this. So your AI applications they should address issues like data privacy, algorithm bias and transparency. So with all this we're just trying to build a trustworthiness by using AI. So we're trying to build the trustness in AI. So the fourth point says that governance structures and policies also encourage collaboration and cooperation between stakeholders in cyber security communities. So using these policies and structures you can enable it, you can enable proactive monitoring, risk management and minimizing potential harms. So in summary using strong governance structures and policies are effective and are required for harnessing the benefits of AI in cyber security while mitigating the potential risk. So that was the importance of governance structure in policies. So here one important thing if you observe in the third point is transparency. So transparency in AI it is one of the important and several you know it is essential consideration for the use of AI in cyber security. So let's discuss a bit more on transparency in AI.